 EX-10.25 3 t1402092_ex10-25.htm EXHIBIT 10.25
 
Exhibit 10.25
 
WARRANT AGREEMENT
 
Applied DNA Sciences, Inc.
 
and
 
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, as Warrant Agent
 
WARRANT AGREEMENT
 
THIS WARRANT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of November ___, 2014, 
is by and between Applied DNA Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “
Company”), and American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, a New York 
limited liability trust company, as Warrant Agent (the “Warrant Agent”).
 
WHEREAS, the Company is engaged in a public offering (the “Offering”) of 
shares of common stock of the Company, par value $0.001 per share (“Common 
Stock”), and warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock (“Warrants”) and, 
in connection therewith, has determined to issue and deliver up to 
___________Warrants (including up to ____________Warrants subject to an 
over-allotment option granted to the underwriters by the Company) to public 
investors in the Offering, each such Warrant evidencing the right of the 
holder thereof to purchase ______share of Common Stock for $______ per 
share, subject to adjustment as described herein; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
(the “Commission”) a registration statement, as amended, on Form S-1, No. 
333-199121 (the “Registration Statement”) and prospectus (the “Prospectus
”), for the registration, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), of the Common Stock and Warrants to be sold to investors 
in the Offering and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company desires the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the 
Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing to so act, in connection with the 
issuance, registration, transfer, exchange and exercise of the Warrants; 
and
 
WHEREAS, the Company desires to provide for the form and provisions of the 
Warrants, the terms upon which they shall be issued and exercised, and the 
respective rights, limitation of rights, and immunities of the Company, the 
Warrant Agent, and the holders of the Warrants (each, a “Holder”); and
 
WHEREAS, all acts and things have been done and performed which are 
necessary to make the Warrants, when executed on behalf of the Company and 
countersigned by or on behalf of the Warrant Agent, as provided herein, the 
valid, binding and legal obligations of the Company, and to authorize the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained, 
the parties hereto agree as follows:
     
1. 	Appointment of Warrant Agent. The Company hereby appoints the Warrant 
Agent to act as agent for the Company for the Warrants, and the Warrant 
Agent hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the same in 
accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
 

1

 

  
2. 	Warrants.
         
2.1 	Form of Warrant. Each Warrant shall be issued in registered form only 
and shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, the provisions 
of which are incorporated herein. Each Warrant shall be signed by, or bear 
the facsimile signature of, the Chairman of the Board, President, Chief 
Executive Officer, Secretary or other principal officer of the Company. In 
the event the person whose facsimile signature has been placed upon any 
Warrant shall have ceased to serve in the capacity in which such person 
signed the Warrant before such Warrant is issued, it may be issued with the 
same effect as if he or she had not ceased to be such at the date of 
issuance.
         
2.2 	Effect of Countersignature. Unless and until countersigned by the 
Warrant Agent pursuant to this Agreement, a Warrant shall be invalid and of 
no effect and may not be exercised by the holder thereof.
         
2.3 	Registration.
             
2.3.1 	Warrant Register. The Warrant Agent shall maintain books (the “
Warrant Register”), for the registration of original issuance and the 
registration of transfer of the Warrants. Upon the initial issuance of the 
Warrants, the Warrant Agent shall issue and register the Warrants in the 
names of the respective holders thereof in such denominations and otherwise 
in accordance with instructions delivered to the Warrant Agent by the 
Company.
             
2.3.2 	Registered Holder. Prior to due presentment for registration of 
transfer of any Warrant, the Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and 
treat the person in whose name such Warrant is registered in the Warrant 
Register (the “Registered Holder”) as the absolute owner of such Warrant 
and of each Warrant represented thereby (notwithstanding any notation of 
ownership or other writing on the Warrant Certificate (as defined below) 
made by anyone other than the Company or the Warrant Agent), for the 
purpose of any exercise thereof, and for all other purposes, and neither 
the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the 
contrary.
     
3. 	Terms and Exercise of Warrants.
         
3.1 	Exercise Price. Each Warrant shall, when countersigned by the Warrant 
Agent, entitle the Registered Holder thereof, subject to the provisions of 
such Warrant and of this Warrant Agreement, to purchase from the Company 
the number of shares of Common Stock stated therein, at the price of $___ 
per share, subject to the adjustments provided herein. The term “Exercise 
Price” as used in this Warrant Agreement shall mean the price per share at 
which shares of Common Stock may be purchased at the time a Warrant is 
exercised.
         
3.2 	Duration of Warrants. A Warrant may be exercised only during the 
period (the “Exercise Period”) commencing on the date of issuance thereof 
and ending on the earlier of: (a) November ___, 2019; or (b) upon the 
dissolution and winding up of the Company (the “Expiration Date”); 
provided, however, that the exercise of any Warrant shall be subject to the 
satisfaction of any applicable conditions, as set forth in subsection 3.3.2 
below with respect to an effective registration statement. Each Warrant not 
exercised on or before the Expiration Date shall become void, and all 
rights thereunder and all rights in respect
 

2

 

  
        thereof under this Agreement shall cease at 5:00 p.m. New York City
        time on the Expiration Date.
         
3.3 	Exercise of Warrants.
         
        3.3.1      Payment. Subject to the provisions of the Warrant and
        this Warrant Agreement, a Warrant, when countersigned by the
        Warrant Agent, may be exercised by the Registered Holder thereof by
        submitting a duly executed election to purchase attached to the
        applicable Warrant, at the office of the Warrant Agent in the
        Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York or at the office
        of its successor as Warrant Agent, in the Borough of Manhattan,
        City and State of New York, which may be done by fax or email
        delivery, and by paying, within two days of the date of exercise,
        in full the Exercise Price for each full share of Common Stock as
        to which the Warrant is exercised, in lawful money of the United
        States, by wire transfer or in good certified check or good bank
        draft payable to the order of the Company or by Cashless Exercise
        in accordance with Section 3.2.2 hereof. Upon delivery of an
        exercise notice, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate
        purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares
        with respect to which a Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of
        the date such Warrant Shares are credited to the Holder’s DTC
        account or the date of delivery of the certificates evidencing such
        Warrant Shares (as the case may be).
         
        3.3.2      Cashless Exercise. Notwithstanding anything contained
        herein to the contrary, if and only if an effective registration
        statement covering the issuance of the shares of Common Stock that
        are subject to the exercise notice is not available for the
        issuance of such shares of Common Stock, the Registered Holder may
        exercise this Warrant in whole or in part and, in lieu of making
        the cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made to the Company
        upon such exercise in payment of the aggregate Exercise Price,
        elect instead to receive upon such exercise the “Net Number” of
        shares of Common Stock determined according to the following
        formula (a “Cashless Exercise”):
         
Net Number = 	(A x B) - (A x C)
  	B
 
For purposes of the foregoing formula:
         
  	A 	= 	the total number of shares with respect to which this Warrant is 
then being exercised.
  	  	  	 
  	B 	= 	the arithmetic average of the Closing Sale Prices (as defined 
below)  of the Common Stock for the five (5) consecutive Trading Days 
ending on the date immediately preceding the date of the Exercise Notice.
  	  	  	 
  	C 	= 	the Exercise Price then in effect for the applicable shares of 
Common Stock at the time of such exercise.
 
The term “Closing Sale Price” means, for any security as of any date, the 
last closing bid price and last closing trade price, respectively, for such 
security on the Nasdaq Capital Market, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if the 
Nasdaq Capital Market begins to operate on an extended hours basis and does 
not designate the closing bid price or the closing trade price, as the case 
may be, then the last bid price or the last trade price, respectively, of 
such security prior to 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by 
Bloomberg, or, if the Nasdaq Capital Market is not the principal
 

3

 

  
securities exchange or trading market for such security, the last closing 
bid price or last trade price, respectively, of such security on the 
principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is 
listed or traded as reported by Bloomberg, or if the foregoing do not 
apply, the last closing bid price or last trade price, respectively, of 
such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin 
board for such security as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no closing bid 
price or last trade price, respectively, is reported for such security by 
Bloomberg, the average of the bid prices, or the ask prices, respectively, 
of any market makers for such security as reported in the OTC Link or “pink 
sheets” by OTC Markets Group Inc. (formerly Pink OTC Markets Inc.). If the 
Closing Sale Price cannot be calculated for a security on a particular date 
on any of the foregoing bases, the Closing Sale Price of such security on 
such date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the 
Company and the Registered Holder. If the Company and the Registered Holder 
are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, then such 
dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 8.3 hereof. All such 
determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock 
split, stock combination or other similar transaction during the applicable 
calculation period
 
For purposes of Rule 144(d) promulgated under the Securities Act, as in 
effect on the date hereof, assuming the Registered Holder is not an 
affiliate of the Company, the shares of Common Stock issued in a Cashless 
Exercise shall be deemed to have been acquired by the Registered Holder, 
and the holding period for the shares of Common Stock shall be deemed to 
have commenced, on the date this Warrant was originally issued.
 
3.3.3      Issuance of Common Stock on Exercise. Assuming funds for 
exercise are paid on or before the second trading day following the date of 
receipt by the Company of an exercise notice, then on or before the third 
trading day following the date upon which the Company has received an 
exercise notice for a Warrant, the Company shall cause its transfer agent 
to (i) provided that the transfer agent is participating in The Depository 
Trust Company (“DTC”) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program credit 
such aggregate number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is 
entitled pursuant to such exercise to the Holder’s or its designee’s 
balance account with DTC through its Deposit/Withdrawal at Custodian 
System, or (ii) if the transfer agent is not participating in the DTC Fast 
Automated Securities Transfer Program, issue and deliver to the Holder, or 
at the Holder’s instruction pursuant to the delivered exercise notice, the 
Holder’s agent or designee, in each case pursuant to this clause (ii), sent 
by reputable overnight courier to the address specified in the applicable 
exercise notice, a certificate, registered in the Company’s share register 
in the name of the Holder or its designee (as indicated in the applicable 
exercise notice), for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the 
Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise.
             
3.3.4 	Valid Issuance. All Common Stock issued or issuable upon the proper 
exercise of a Warrant in conformity with this Agreement shall be validly 
issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
             
3.3.5 	Date of Issuance. Each person in whose name any certificate for the 
Common Stock is issued shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the 
holder of record of such Common Stock on the date on which the Warrant was 
surrendered and, other than in the case of a Cashless Exercise, payment of 
the Exercise Price was made, irrespective of the date of delivery of such 
certificate, except that, if the date of such surrender and payment is a 
date when the share transfer books of the Company are closed, such person 
shall be deemed to have become the holder of such shares at the close of 
business on the next succeeding date on which the share transfer books are 
open.
   
  3.3.6     Share Delivery Failure. If the Company shall fail, for any
  reason or for no reason, to issue to the Holder within three (3) trading
  days after receipt of the applicable exercise notice (the
 

4

 

  
  “Share Delivery Deadline”), a certificate for the number of shares of
  Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon Holder’s exercise of a
  Warrant or credit the Holder’s balance account with DTC for such number
  of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the
  Holder’s exercise of this Warrant (as the case may be, but in each case
  without a restrictive legend) (a “Delivery Failure”), and if on such or
  after such Share Delivery Deadline the Holder purchases (in an open
  market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in
  satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of all or any portion of the number
  of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise that the Holder so
  anticipated receiving from the Company, then, in addition to all other
  remedies available to it, the Company shall, within three (3) Business
  Days after the Holder’s request and in the Holder’s discretion, either
  (i) pay cash to the Holder in an amount equal to 100% of the Holder’s
  total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and other
  out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so
  purchased (including, without limitation, by any other person in respect,
  or on behalf, of the Holder) (the “Buy-In Price”), at which point the
  Company’s obligation to so issue and deliver such certificate or credit
  the Holder’s balance account with DTC for the number of shares of Common
  Stock to which the Holder is entitled upon the Holder’s exercise
  hereunder (as the case may be) (and to issue such shares of Common Stock)
  shall terminate, or (ii) promptly honor its obligation to so issue and
  deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing such
  shares of Common Stock or credit the Holder’s balance account with DTC
  for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder is entitled
  upon the Holder’s exercise hereunder (as the case may be) and pay cash to
  the Holder in an amount equal to the excess (if any) of the Buy-In Price
  over the product of (A) such number of shares of Common Stock multiplied
  by (B) the lowest Closing Sale Price of the shares of Common Stock on any
  trading day during the period commencing on the date of the applicable
  exercise notice and ending on the date immediately preceding the date of
  such issuance and payment under this clause (ii)
         
3.4 	Beneficial Ownership Limitation on Exercises. The Company shall not 
affect the exercise of any portion of a Warrant, and the Registered Holder 
of such Warrant shall not have the right to exercise any portion of such 
Warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, the 
Registered Holder (together with the Registered Holder’s affiliates, and 
any persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any Registered 
Holder’s affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% (the “
Maximum Percentage”) of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after 
giving effect to such exercise, provided, however, that the foregoing 
limitation on exercise shall not apply to any Registered Holder who, 
together with such Registered Holder’s affiliates, and any persons acting 
as a group together with such Registered Holder and such Registered 
Holder’s affiliates, owns in excess of the Maximum Percentage immediately 
prior to the closing of the Offering. For purposes of the foregoing 
sentence, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned 
by such Registered Holder and its affiliates shall include the number of 
shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrant with respect 
to which the determination of such sentence is being made, but shall 
exclude shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of 
the remaining, unexercised portion of the Warrant beneficially owned by the 
Registered Holder and its affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the 
unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Company 
beneficially owned by the Registered Holder and its affiliates (including, 
without limitation, any convertible notes or convertible preferred stock or 
warrants) subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to 
the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Registered Holder 
or any of its affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, 
for purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership shall be calculated in 
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (the “Exchange Act”). To the extent that the limitation contained 
in this Section 3.4 applies, the Registered Holder’s
 

5

 

  
        submission of an Election to Purchase shall be deemed to be the
        Registered Holder’s determination of whether a Warrant is
        exercisable (in relation to any other securities owned by the
        Registered Holder together with any affiliates) and of which
        portion of a Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the
        Maximum Percentage, and the Company shall have no obligation to
        verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition,
        a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall
        be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
        and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes
        of the Warrants, in determining the number of outstanding shares of
        Common Stock, the Registered Holder may rely on the number of
        outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in the most recent
        of (1) the Company’s most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, Current
        Report on Form 8-K or other public filing with the Commission, as
        the case may be, (2) a more recent public announcement by the
        Company or (3) any other notice by the Company or its transfer
        agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock
        outstanding. For any reason at any time, upon the written or oral
        request of the Registered Holder, the Company shall within three
        (3) trading days confirm to the Registered Holder the number of
        shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of
        outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
        effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
        including any Warrant, by the Registered Holder and its affiliates
        since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of
        Common Stock was reported. By written notice to the Company, the
        Registered Holder may from time to time increase or decrease the
        Maximum Percentage to any other percentage of the number of shares
        of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
        the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of a Warrant
        and the provisions of this Section 3.4 shall continue to apply;
        provided that (i) any such increase will not be effective until the
        sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the
        Company, and (ii) any such increase or decrease will apply only to
        that Registered Holder. For purposes of clarity, the Common Stock
        underlying any Warrant in excess of the Maximum Percentage for a
        Registered Holder shall not be deemed to be beneficially owned by
        that Registered Holder for any purpose including for purposes of
        Section 13(d) or Rule 16a-1(a)(1) of the Exchange Act. The
        provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in
        a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this
        Section 3.4 to the extent necessary to correct this paragraph (or
        any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the
        intended beneficial ownership limitation herein contained or to
        make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give
        effect to such limitation.
     
4. 	Adjustments.
         
4.1 	Stock Dividends.
             
4.1.1 	Split-Ups. If after the date hereof, and subject to the provisions 
of Section 4.5 below, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is 
increased by a stock dividend payable in Common Stock, or by a split-up of 
Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such 
stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Common 
Stock issuable on exercise of each Warrant shall be increased in proportion 
to such increase in the outstanding shares of Common Stock and the Exercise 
Price shall be proportionally decreased such that the aggregate Exercise 
Price, after such adjustments, remains the same for each Warrant.
 

6

 

  
4.1.2 	Dividends and Other Distributions. If the Company shall declare or 
make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire 
its assets) to holders of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or 
otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock 
or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, 
reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other 
similar transaction), except to the extent an adjustment was already made 
pursuant to Section 4.1.1 or 4.2 (a “Distribution”), at any time after the 
issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Company shall 
reserve and put aside the maximum Distribution amount the Holder would have 
been entitled to receive if the Holder had held the number of shares of 
Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without 
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, 
the Maximum Percentage) immediately before the date on which a record is 
taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of 
which the record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the 
participation in such Distribution. Upon exercise of this Warrant, in whole 
or in part, the Company shall, contemporaneously with the delivery of the 
Warrant Shares, distribute to the Holder a pro rata portion of such 
Distribution based on the portion of the Warrant that has been exercised 
(provided, however, to the extent that the Holder’s right to participate in 
any such Distributions would result in the Holder exceeding the Maximum 
Percentage, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such 
Distribution at such time and to such extent (or the beneficial ownership 
of any such Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) 
and such Distribution to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the 
benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would 
not result in the Holder exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which time or 
times the Holder shall be granted such Distribution (and any Distributions 
declared or made on such initial Distribution or on any subsequent 
Distribution to be held similarly in abeyance) to the same extent as if 
there had been no such limitation).
         
4.2 	Aggregation of Shares. If after the date hereof, and subject to the 
provisions of Section 4.5 hereof, the number of outstanding shares of 
Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock 
split or reclassification of Common Stock or other similar event, then, on 
the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, 
reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Common Stock 
issuable on exercise of each Warrant shall be decreased in proportion to 
such decrease in outstanding shares of Common Stock and the Exercise Price 
shall be proportionally increased such that the aggregate Exercise Price, 
after such adjustments, remains the same for each Warrant.
         
4.3 	Purchase Rights. If at any time the Company grants, issues or sells 
any options, convertible securities or rights to purchase stock, warrants, 
securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of 
Common Stock (the “Purchase Rights”), then the Holder will be entitled to 
acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate 
Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held 
the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of 
this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, 
including without limitation, the Maximum Percentage) immediately before 
the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such 
Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the 
record holders of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or 
sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the
 

7

 

  
        extent that the Holder’s right to participate in any such Purchase
        Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Maximum Percentage,
        then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
        Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such
        Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and
        such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for
        the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not
        result in the Holder exceeding the Maximum Percentage, at which
        time or times the Holder shall be granted such right (and any
        Purchase Right granted, issued or sold on such initial Purchase
        Right or on any subsequent Purchase Right to be held similarly in
        abeyance) to the same extent as if there had been no such
        limitation).
         
4.4 	Fundamental Transactions. If, at any time while the Warrants are 
outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more 
related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company 
with or into another person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly, 
effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other 
disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of 
related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender 
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another person) is 
completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, 
tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and 
has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common 
Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related 
transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or 
recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange 
pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or 
exchanged for other securities, cash or property, (v) the Company, directly 
or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or 
share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without 
limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of 
arrangement) with another person or group of persons whereby such other 
person or group acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common 
Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other person or 
other persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the 
other persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or 
other business combination) (each a “Fundamental Transaction”), then, upon 
any subsequent exercise of a Warrant, the Registered Holder of each Warrant 
shall have the right to receive, for each share of Common Stock that would 
have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence 
of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Registered Holder 
(without regard to any limitation in Section 3.4 on the exercise of the 
Warrants), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or 
acquiring corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving 
corporation, and any additional consideration (the “Alternate Consideration
”) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of 
the number of shares of Common Stock for which a Warrant is exercisable 
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any 
limitation in Section 3.4 on the exercise of the Warrants). For purposes of 
any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be 
appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on 
the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of 
Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall 
apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a 
reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components 
of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any 
choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a 
Fundamental Transaction, then each Registered Holder shall be given the 
same choice as to the Alternate Consideration such Registered Holder 
receives upon any exercise of a Warrant
 

8

 

  
        following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to
        the contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the
        Company shall, at a Registered Holder’s option, exercisable at any
        time prior to the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction,
        purchase such Registered Holder’s Warrant immediately prior to the
        consummation of such Fundamental Transaction from the Registered
        Holder by paying cash by wire transfer of immediately available
        funds in an amount equal to the Black Scholes Value of the
        remaining unexercised portion of such Registered Holder’s Warrant
        immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
        Transaction. “Black Scholes Value” means the value of a Warrant
        based on the Black and Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from
        the “OV” function on Bloomberg, L.P. (“Bloomberg”) determined
        immediately prior to the consummation of the applicable Fundamental
        Transaction for pricing purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free
        interest rate corresponding to the U.S. Treasury rate for a period
        equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of
        the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Expiration Date, (B)
        an expected volatility equal to the greater of 100% and the 100 day
        volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg as of the
        trading day immediately following the public announcement of the
        applicable Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per
        share used in such calculation shall be the sum of the price per
        share of Common Stock being offered in cash, if any, plus the value
        of any non-cash consideration, if any, being offered in such
        Fundamental Transaction (the “FMV”) and (D) a remaining option time
        equal to the time between the date of the public announcement of
        the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the Expiration Date. The
        Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental
        Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the “
        Successor Entity”) to assume in writing all obligations of the
        Company under each Warrant in accordance with the provisions of
        this Section 4.3 pursuant to agreements in form and substance
        reasonably satisfactory to the Registered Holders and approved by
        the Registered Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such
        Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of each Registered
        Holder, deliver to such Registered Holder in exchange for such
        Registered Holder’s Warrant a security of the Successor Entity
        evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and
        substance to such Registered Holder’s Warrant which is exercisable
        for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such
        Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of
        Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of such
        Warrant (without regard to the limitations on exercise set forth in
        Section 3.4) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an
        exercise price which applies the Exercise Price hereunder to such
        shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value
        of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental
        Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such
        number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for
        the purpose of protecting the economic value of such Warrant
        immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental
        Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and
        substance to the Registered Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such
        Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
        be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such
        Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Agreement and each
        Warrant referring to the “Company” shall refer instead to the
        Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the
        Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company
        under this Agreement and each Warrant with the same effect as if
        such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein.
         
4.5 	Calculations. All calculations under this Section 4 shall be made to 
the nearest cent or the nearest whole share, as the case may be. For 
purposes of this Section 4, any
         

9

 

  
        calculation of the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be
        issued and outstanding as of a given date shall not include
        treasury shares, if any. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
        in this Section 4, no adjustment in the Exercise Price shall be
        required unless such adjustment would require an increase or
        decrease of at least 1% in such price; provided however, that any
        adjustments which by reason of the immediately preceding sentence
        are not required to be made shall be carried forward and taken into
        account in any subsequent adjustment. In any case in which this
        Section 4 shall require that an adjustment in the Exercise Price be
        made effective as of a record date for a specified event, if the
        Registered Holder exercises a Warrant after such record date, the
        Company may elect to defer, until the occurrence of such event, the
        issuance of the shares of Common Stock and other capital stock of
        the Company in excess of the shares of Common Stock and other
        capital stock of the Company, if any, issuable upon such exercise
        on the basis of the Exercise Price in effect prior to such
        adjustment; provided, however, that in such case the Company or the
        Warrant Agent shall deliver to the Registered Holder a due bill or
        other appropriate instrument evidencing the Registered Holder’s
        right to receive such additional shares and/or other capital
        securities upon the occurrence of the event requiring such
        adjustment.
         
4.6 	Notices of Changes in Warrant. Upon every adjustment of the Exercise 
Price or the number of shares issuable upon exercise of a Warrant, the 
Company shall give written notice thereof to the Warrant Agent, which 
notice shall state the Exercise Price resulting from such adjustment and 
the increase or decrease, if any, in the number of shares purchasable at 
such price upon the exercise of a Warrant, setting forth in reasonable 
detail the method of calculation and the facts upon which such calculation 
is based. Upon occurrence of any event specified in  Sections 4.1, 4.2 or 
4.3, the Company shall give written notice of the occurrence of such event 
to each Warrant holder, at the last address set forth for such holder in 
the Warrant Register, of the record date or the effective date of the 
event. Failure to give such notice, or any defect therein, shall not affect 
the legality or validity of such event.
         
4.7 	No Fractional Shares. Notwithstanding any provision contained in this 
Warrant Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not issue fractional 
shares upon exercise of Warrants. If, by reason of any adjustment made 
pursuant to this Section 4, the holder of any Warrant would be entitled, 
upon the exercise of such Warrant, to receive a fractional interest in a 
share, the Company shall, upon such exercise, round to the nearest whole 
number, the number of the shares of Common Stock to be issued to such 
holder.
         
4.8 	Form of Warrant. The form of Warrant need not be changed because of 
any adjustment pursuant to this Section 4, and Warrants issued after such 
adjustment may state the same Exercise Price and the same number of shares 
as is stated in the Warrants initially issued pursuant to this Agreement.
         
4.9 	Other Events. In case any event shall occur affecting the Company as 
to which none of the provisions of preceding subsections of this Section 4 
are strictly applicable, but which would require an adjustment to the terms 
of the Warrants in order to (i) avoid an adverse impact on the Warrants and 
(ii) effectuate the intent and purpose of this Section 4, then, in each 
such case, the Company shall appoint a firm of independent public 
accountants, investment banking or other appraisal firm of recognized 
national standing, which shall give its opinion as to whether or not any 
adjustment to the rights represented by the Warrants is necessary to 
effectuate the intent and purpose of this  Section 4 and, if they determine 
that an adjustment is necessary, the terms of such adjustment. The Company
 

10

 

  
        shall adjust the terms of the Warrants in a manner that is
        consistent with any adjustment recommended in such opinion.
     
5. 	Transfer and Exchange of Warrants.
         
5.1 	Registration of Transfer. The Warrant Agent shall register the 
transfer, from time to time, of any outstanding Warrant upon the Warrant 
Register, upon surrender of such Warrant for transfer, properly endorsed 
with signatures properly guaranteed and accompanied by appropriate 
instructions for transfer. Upon any such transfer, a new Warrant 
representing an equal aggregate number of Warrants shall be issued and the 
old Warrant shall be cancelled by the Warrant Agent. The Warrants so 
cancelled shall be delivered by the Warrant Agent to the Company from time 
to time upon request.
         
5.2 	Procedure for Surrender of Warrants. Warrants may be surrendered to 
the Warrant Agent, together with a written request for exchange or 
transfer, and thereupon the Warrant Agent shall issue in exchange therefor 
one or more new Warrants as requested by the Registered Holder of the 
Warrants so surrendered, representing an equal aggregate number of 
Warrants.
         
5.3 	Fractional Warrants. The Warrant Agent shall not be required to effect 
any registration of transfer or exchange which shall result in the issuance 
of a warrant certificate for a fraction of a warrant.
         
5.4 	Warrant Execution and Countersignature. The Warrant Agent is hereby 
authorized to countersign and to deliver, in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement, the Warrants required to be issued pursuant to the 
provisions of this Section 5.
     
6. 	Other Provisions Relating to Rights of Holders of Warrants.
         
6.1 	No Rights as Stockholder. A Warrant does not entitle the Registered 
Holder thereof to any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company, 
including, without limitation, except as otherwise set forth herein or in 
any Warrant, the right to receive dividends, or other distributions, 
exercise any preemptive rights to vote or to consent or to receive notice 
as stockholders in respect of the meetings of stockholders or the election 
of directors of the Company or any other matter.
         
6.2 	Lost, Stolen, Mutilated, or Destroyed Warrants. If any Warrant is 
lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed, the Company and the Warrant Agent 
may on such terms as to indemnity bond or otherwise as they may in their 
discretion impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include 
the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination, tenor, 
and date as the Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed. Any such 
new Warrant shall constitute a substitute contractual obligation of the 
Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated, or destroyed 
Warrant shall be at any time enforceable by anyone.
         
6.3 	Reservation of Common Stock. The Company shall at all times reserve 
and keep available a number of its authorized but unissued shares of Common 
Stock that shall be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all 
outstanding Warrants issued pursuant to this Agreement.
 

11

 

  
6.4 	Registration of Common Stock.   The Company registered the Warrants 
and shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants in the Registration 
Statement. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to maintain the 
effectiveness of such Registration Statement and the current status of the 
Prospectus or to file and maintain the effectiveness of another 
registration statement and another current prospectus covering the shares 
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants at any time that the 
Warrants are exercisable. In addition, the Company agrees to use its 
reasonable best efforts to register such shares of Common Stock under the 
blue sky laws of the states of residence of the exercising Warrant holders 
to the extent an exemption from such registration is not available. If at 
any time, the Company does not have an effective registration statement 
covering the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants, and Rule 144 
is not available to cover such shares of Common Stock due to the failure of 
the Company to be currently reporting under the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934 (“Public Information Failure”), then the Company shall pay in cash by 
wire transfer of immediately available funds an amount per month equal to 
1% of the aggregate VWAP of the shares into which a Warrant is converted 
which are not able to be delivered without legend because of such Public 
Information Failure to the Holder thereof until such shares are able to be 
delivered without legend (to be pro-rated for any periods which are less 
than one month).
     
7. 	Concerning the Warrant Agent and Other Matters.
         
7.1 	Payment of Taxes. The Company shall from time to time promptly pay all 
taxes and charges that may be imposed upon the Company or the Warrant Agent 
in respect of the issuance or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon the 
exercise of the Warrants, but the Company shall not be obligated to pay any 
transfer taxes in respect of the Warrants or such shares.
         
7.2 	Resignation, Consolidation, or Merger of Warrant Agent.
             
7.2.1 	Appointment of Successor Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent, or any 
successor hereafter appointed, may resign its duties and be discharged from 
all further duties and liabilities hereunder after giving sixty (60) days’ 
notice in writing to the Company. If the office of the Warrant Agent 
becomes vacant by resignation or incapacity to act or otherwise, the 
Company shall appoint in writing a successor Warrant Agent in place of the 
Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a 
period of thirty (30) days after it has been notified in writing of such 
resignation or incapacity by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of a 
Warrant (who shall, with such notice, submit his Warrant for inspection by 
the Company), then the holder of any Warrant may apply to the Supreme Court 
of the State of New York for the County of New York for the appointment of 
a successor Warrant Agent at the Company’s cost. Any successor Warrant 
Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such court, shall be a 
corporation in good standing in the State of New York and having its 
principal office in the Borough of Manhattan, City and State of New York, 
and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust powers and 
subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority. After 
appointment, any successor Warrant Agent shall be vested with all the 
authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and obligations of its 
predecessor Warrant Agent with like effect as if originally named as 
Warrant Agent hereunder, without any further act or deed; but if for any 
reason it becomes necessary or appropriate, the predecessor Warrant Agent 
shall execute and deliver, at the expense of the Company, an
 

12

 

  
            instrument transferring to such successor Warrant Agent all the
            authority, powers, and rights of such predecessor Warrant Agent
            hereunder; and upon request of any successor Warrant Agent the
            Company shall make, execute, acknowledge, and deliver any and
            all instruments in writing for more fully and effectually
            vesting in and confirming to such successor Warrant Agent all
            such authority, powers, rights, immunities, duties, and
            obligations.
             
7.2.2 	Notice of Successor Warrant Agent. In the event a successor Warrant 
Agent shall be appointed, the Company shall give notice thereof to the 
predecessor Warrant Agent and the transfer agent for the Common Stock not 
later than the effective date of any such appointment.
             
7.2.3 	Merger or Consolidation of Warrant Agent. Any company into which the 
Warrant Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated or any 
corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Warrant 
Agent shall be a party shall be the successor Warrant Agent under this 
Agreement without any further act.
         
7.3 	Fees and Expenses of Warrant Agent.
             
7.3.1 	Remuneration. The Company agrees to pay the Warrant Agent reasonable 
remuneration for its services as such Warrant Agent hereunder and any 
transfer agent fees which are in addition thereto and shall, pursuant to 
its obligations under this Agreement, reimburse the Warrant Agent upon 
demand for all expenditures that the Warrant Agent may reasonably incur in 
the execution of its duties hereunder.
             
7.3.2 	Further Assurances. The Company agrees to perform, execute, 
acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged, 
and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments, and assurances 
as may reasonably be required by the Warrant Agent for the carrying out or 
performing of the provisions of this Agreement.
         
7.4 	Liability of Warrant Agent.
             
7.4.1 	Reliance on Company Statement. Whenever in the performance of its 
duties under this Agreement, the Warrant Agent shall deem it necessary or 
desirable that any fact or matter be proved or established by the Company 
prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter 
(unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically 
prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a 
statement signed by the President or Chairman of the Board of the Company 
and delivered to the Warrant Agent. The Warrant Agent may rely upon such 
statement for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it pursuant to 
the provisions of this Agreement.
             
7.4.2 	Indemnity. The Warrant Agent shall be liable hereunder only for its 
own gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. The Company agrees 
to indemnify the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against any and all 
liabilities, including judgments, costs and reasonable counsel fees, for 
anything done or omitted by the Warrant Agent in the execution of this 
Agreement, except as a result of the Warrant Agent’s gross negligence, 
willful misconduct or bad faith.
 

13

 

  
7.4.3 	Exclusions. The Warrant Agent shall have no responsibility with 
respect to the validity of this Agreement or with respect to the validity 
or execution of any Warrant (except its countersignature thereof). The 
Warrant Agent shall not be responsible for any breach by the Company of any 
covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Warrant. The 
Warrant Agent shall not be responsible to make any adjustments required 
under the provisions of  Section 4 hereof or responsible for the manner, 
method, or amount of any such adjustment or the ascertaining of the 
existence of facts that would require any such adjustment; nor shall it by 
any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to 
the authorization or reservation of any shares of Common Stock to be issued 
pursuant to this Agreement or any Warrant or as to whether any shares of 
Common Stock shall, when issued, be valid and fully paid and nonassessable.
         
7.5 	Acceptance of Agency. The Warrant Agent hereby accepts the agency 
established by this Agreement and agrees to perform the same upon the terms 
and conditions herein set forth and among other things, shall account 
promptly to the Company with respect to Warrants exercised and concurrently 
account for, and pay to the Company, all monies received by the Warrant 
Agent for the purchase of shares of Common Stock through the exercise of 
the Warrants.
     
8. 	Miscellaneous Provisions.
         
8.1 	Successors. All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or 
for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Agent shall bind and inure to 
the benefit of their respective successors and assigns.
         
8.2 	Notices. Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Warrant 
Agreement to be given or made by the Warrant Agent or by the holder of any 
Warrant to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given (i) when so 
delivered if by hand or overnight delivery, (ii) when sent, if delivered by 
facsimile (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or 
electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party) or by 
electronic mail, or (iii) if sent by certified mail or private courier 
service within five (5) days after deposit of such notice, postage prepaid, 
addressed (until another address is filed in writing by the Company with 
the Warrant Agent), as follows:
 
  	Applied DNA Sciences, Inc.
  	50 Health Sciences Drive
  	Stony Brook, New York 11790
  	Attention: James A. Hayward, Chief Executive Officer
  
        Any notice, statement or demand authorized by this Agreement to be
        given or made by the holder of any Warrant or by the Company to or
        on the Warrant Agent shall be sufficiently given (i) upon receipt
        if by hand or overnight delivery, (ii) when sent, if delivered by
        facsimile (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or
        electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party) or
        by electronic mail or (iii) if sent by certified mail or private
        courier service within five (5) days after deposit of such notice,
        postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in
        writing by the Warrant Agent with the Company), as follows:
 

14

 

  
  	
American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC
6201 15th Avenue
Brooklyn, NY 11219
Attention: Corporate Trust Department
  
8.3 	Applicable Law. The validity, interpretation, and performance of this 
Agreement and of the Warrants shall be governed in all respects by the laws 
of the State of New York, without giving effect to conflicts of law 
principles that would result in the application of the substantive laws of 
another jurisdiction. The Company hereby agrees that any action, proceeding 
or claim against it arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement 
shall be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the 
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and 
irrevocably submits to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be 
exclusive. The Company hereby waives any objection to such exclusive 
jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.
         
8.4 	Persons Having Rights under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement 
shall be construed to confer upon, or give to, any person or corporation 
other than the parties hereto and the Registered Holders of the Warrants 
any right, remedy, or claim under or by reason of this Warrant Agreement or 
of any covenant, condition, stipulation, promise, or agreement hereof. All 
covenants, conditions, stipulations, promises, and agreements contained in 
this Warrant Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the 
parties hereto and their successors and assigns and of the Registered 
Holders of the Warrants.
         
8.5 	Examination of the Warrant Agreement. A copy of this Agreement shall 
be available at all reasonable times at the office of the Warrant Agent in 
the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York and State of New York, for 
inspection by the Registered Holder of any Warrant. The Warrant Agent may 
require any such holder to submit his Warrant for inspection by it.
         
8.6 	Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of original 
or facsimile counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all 
purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall 
together constitute but one and the same instrument.
         
8.7 	Effect of Headings. The section headings herein are for convenience 
only and are not part of this Warrant Agreement and shall not affect the 
interpretation thereof.
         
8.8 	Amendments. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto 
without the consent of any Registered Holder for the purpose of curing any 
ambiguity, or curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision 
contained herein or adding or changing any other provisions with respect to 
matters arising under this Agreement as the parties may deem necessary or 
desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the interest 
of the Registered Holders. All other modifications or amendments shall 
require the written consent of the Company and the Registered Holders 
holding Warrants to purchase at least 65% of the shares of Common Stock 
underlying the then outstanding Warrants. No consideration shall be offered 
by the Company to any Registered Holder in connection with a modification, 
amendment or waiver of this Warrant Agreement or any Warrant without also 
offering the same consideration to all Registered Holders.
 

15

 

  
8.9 	Severability. This Warrant Agreement shall be deemed severable, and 
the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall 
not affect the validity or enforceability of this Warrant Agreement or of 
any other term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such 
invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that 
there shall be added as a part of this Warrant Agreement a provision as 
similar in terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be 
possible and be valid and enforceable.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed as of the date first above written.
 
  	APPLIED DNA SCIENCES, INC.
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	Name:
  	  	Title:
  	  	  	 
  	AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, LLC, as Warrant Agent
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	Name: 	 
  	  	Title: 	 
 

16

 

 
EXHIBIT A
 
[FORM OF WARRANT CERTIFICATE]
 
Number
 
Warrants
 
THIS WARRANT SHALL BE VOID IF NOT EXERCISED PRIOR TO
THE EXPIRATION OF THE EXERCISE PERIOD PROVIDED FOR
IN THE WARRANT AGREEMENT DESCRIBED BELOW
 
APPLIED DNA SCIENCES, INC.
 
Incorporated Under the Laws of the State of Delaware
 
CUSIP 03815U 110
 
Warrant Certificate
 
This Warrant Certificate certifies that, or registered assigns, is the 
registered holder of warrant(s) (the “Warrants” and each, a “Warrant”) to 
purchase shares of Common Stock, no par value (“Common Stock”), of Applied 
DNA Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”). Each Warrant 
entitles the holder, upon exercise during the period set forth in the 
Warrant Agreement referred to below, to receive from the Company that 
number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Common Stock as set forth 
below, at the exercise price (the “Exercise Price”) as determined pursuant 
to the Warrant Agreement, payable in lawful money (or through “cashless 
exercise” as provided for in the Warrant Agreement) of the United States of 
America upon surrender of this Warrant Certificate and payment of the 
Exercise Price at the office or agency of the Warrant Agent referred to 
below, subject to the conditions set forth herein and in the Warrant 
Agreement. Defined terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined 
herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Warrant Agreement (as 
defined on the reverse hereof).
 
Each Warrant is initially exercisable for one fully paid and non-assessable 
share of Common Stock. The number of the shares of Common Stock issuable 
upon exercise of the Warrants is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence 
of certain events set forth in the Warrant Agreement.
 
The initial Exercise Price per share of Common Stock for any Warrant is 
equal to $_____ per share. The Exercise Price is subject to adjustment upon 
the occurrence of certain events set forth in the Warrant Agreement.
 
Subject to the conditions set forth in the Warrant Agreement, the Warrants 
may be exercised only during the Exercise Period and to the extent not 
exercised by the end of such Exercise Period, such Warrants shall become 
void.
 

A-1

 

  
Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Warrant 
Certificate set forth on the reverse hereof and such further provisions 
shall for all purposes have the same effect as though fully set forth at 
this place.
 
This Warrant Certificate shall not be valid unless countersigned by the 
Warrant Agent, as such term is used in the Warrant Agreement.
 
This Warrant Certificate shall be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to 
conflicts of laws principles thereof.
 
  	APPLIED DNA SCIENCES, INC.
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	Name:
  	  	Title:
  	  	  	 
  	AMERICAN STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, LLC, as Warrant Agent
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	Name: 	 
  	  	Title: 	 
 
[Signature Page to Warrant Certificate]
 

A-2

 

  
[Form of Warrant Certificate]
 
[Reverse]
 
The Warrants evidenced by this Warrant Certificate are part of a duly 
authorized issue of Warrants entitling the holder on exercise to receive 
shares of Common Stock and are issued or to be issued pursuant to a Warrant 
Agreement dated as of November ___, 2014 (the “Warrant Agreement”), duly 
executed and delivered by the Company to American Stock Transfer & Trust 
Company, LLC, a New York limited liability trust company, as warrant agent 
(the “Warrant Agent”), which Warrant Agreement is hereby incorporated by 
reference in and made a part of this instrument and is hereby referred to 
for a description of the rights, limitation of rights, obligations, duties 
and immunities thereunder of the Warrant Agent, the Company and the holders 
(the words “holders” or “holder” meaning the Registered Holders or 
Registered Holder) of the Warrants. A copy of the Warrant Agreement may be 
obtained by the holder hereof upon written request to the Company. Defined 
terms used in this Warrant Certificate but not defined herein shall have 
the meanings given to them in the Warrant Agreement.
 
Warrants may be exercised at any time during the Exercise Period set forth 
in Section 3.3 of the Warrant Agreement.
 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Warrant Certificate or the Warrant 
Agreement, no Warrant may be exercised unless at the time of exercise (i) a 
registration statement covering the shares of Common Stock to be issued 
upon exercise is effective under the Securities Act and (ii) a prospectus 
thereunder relating to the shares of Common Stock is current, except 
through “cashless exercise” as provided for in the Warrant Agreement.
 
The Warrant Agreement provides that upon the occurrence of certain events 
the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants 
set forth on the face hereof may, subject to certain conditions, be 
adjusted. If, upon exercise of a Warrant, the holder thereof would be 
entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share of Common Stock, the 
Company shall, upon exercise, round up to the nearest whole number of 
shares of Common Stock to be issued to the holder of the Warrant.
 
Warrant Certificates, when surrendered at the principal corporate trust 
office of the Warrant Agent by the Registered Holder thereof in person or 
by legal representative or attorney duly authorized in writing, may be 
exchanged, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the 
Warrant Agreement, but without payment of any service charge, for another 
Warrant Certificate or Warrant Certificates of like tenor evidencing in the 
aggregate a like number of Warrants.
 
Upon due presentation for registration of transfer of this Warrant 
Certificate at the office of the Warrant Agent a new Warrant Certificate or 
Warrant Certificates of like tenor and evidencing in the aggregate a like 
number of Warrants shall be issued to the transferee(s) in exchange for 
this Warrant Certificate, subject to the limitations provided in the 
Warrant Agreement, without charge except for any tax or other governmental 
charge imposed in connection therewith.
 

A-3

 

  
The Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the Registered 
Holder(s) hereof as the absolute owner(s) of this Warrant Certificate 
(notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing hereon made by 
anyone), for the purpose of any exercise hereof, of any distribution to the 
holder(s) hereof, and for all other purposes, and neither the Company nor 
the Warrant Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. Neither 
the Warrants nor this Warrant Certificate entitles any holder hereof to any 
rights of a stockholder of the Company.
 

A-4

 

  
Election to Purchase
 
(To Be Executed Upon Exercise of Warrant)
 
The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right, 
represented by this Warrant Certificate, to receive shares of Common Stock 
and herewith tenders payment for such shares to the order of Applied DNA 
Sciences, Inc. (the “Company”) in the amount of $______ in accordance with 
the terms hereof. The undersigned requests that a certificate for such 
shares be registered in the name of _____________________, whose address is 
and that such shares be delivered to whose address is 
______________________. If said number of shares is less than all of the 
shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder, the undersigned requests that 
a new Warrant Certificate representing the remaining balance of such shares 
be registered in the name of ,___________________ whose address is 
_______________, and that such Warrant Certificate be delivered to 
_________________, whose address is ______________________.
 
In the event that the Warrant is to be exercised on a “cashless” basis 
pursuant to Section 3.3.2 of the Warrant Agreement, the number of shares 
that this Warrant is exercisable for shall be determined in accordance with 
Section 3.3.2 of the Warrant Agreement.
 
  	________________ 	a “Cash Exercise” with respect to 
____________________________ Warrant Shares; and/or
  	  	 
  	________________ 	a “Cashless Exercise” with respect to Warrant Shares, 
resulting in a delivery obligation by the Company to the Holder of shares 
of Common Stock representing the applicable Net Number, subject to 
adjustment.
 
 
In the event that the Warrant may be exercised, to the extent allowed by 
the Warrant Agreement, through cashless exercise (i) the number of shares 
that this Warrant is exercisable for would be determined in accordance with 
the relevant section of the Warrant Agreement which allows for such 
cashless exercise and (ii) the holder hereof shall complete the following: 
The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise the right, 
represented by this Warrant Certificate, through the cashless exercise 
provisions of the Warrant Agreement, to receive shares of Common Stock. If 
said number of shares is less than all of the shares of Common Stock 
purchasable hereunder (after giving effect to the cashless exercise), the 
undersigned requests that a new Warrant Certificate representing the 
remaining balance of such shares be registered in the name of , whose 
address is , and that such Warrant Certificate be delivered to , whose 
address is                              .
 
Date: ____________, 20 	  	(Signature)
  	  	 
  	  	(Address)
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	(Tax Identification Number)
 

A-5