 EX-10.1 2 filename2.htm
 
 
January 23, 2013
 
Michael Leabman
DvineWave Inc.
207 Veritas Court
San Ramon, CA 94582
 
    	Re:	         Engagement Agreement
 
Dear Mr. Leabman:
 
This letter agreement (the “Agreement”) confirms the terms and conditions 
that will govern the DvineWave Inc. (together with its affiliates, 
subsidiaries, predecessors, and successors, the “Company”) engagement (the 
“Engagement”) of MDB Capital Group, LLC (together with its affiliates, 
“MDB”) as the Company’s exclusive financial advisor and placement agent in 
connection with an offering or series of offerings of Company securities.
 
1.          Exclusive Appointment; Services.
 
a.           Exclusive Appointment. The Company hereby appoints MDB to act 
as its exclusive placement agent in connection with the sale of its 
securities, including but not limited to equity, debt, equity-linked 
securities, or equity capital commitments (“Securities”) to one or more 
financial, strategic, accredited, or other investors.1 The transactions 
currently contemplated consist of the following: (1) a Bridge Loan of 
approximately $2 million; (2) a “PIPE” (Private Investment in Public 
Entity) offering of approximately $6 million; and (3) a public offering of 
up to approximately $20 million of Company Securities. However, it is 
understood that the manner, size, and timing of the contemplated 
transactions may change, and more or fewer transactions may occur, and the 
exclusive appointment of MDB covers any and all offerings or sales of any 
type or form, including but not limited to private placements, registered 
direct offerings, institutional offerings under Rule 144A and similar 
arrangements, mergers and acquisitions, and public offerings, on any basis, 
agency or underwritten (each, an “Offering”).
 
During the term of this Agreement, the Company will not, nor will it permit 
any of its advisors or representatives to, engage any party other than MDB 
to act as placement agent or underwriter for any Offering, or to perform 
any other financial advisory, underwriting, or investment banking services 
for the Company. If the Company or, to the Company’s knowledge, any of its 
subsidiaries, stockholders, members, partners, affiliates, advisors or 
representatives, is contacted by any person concerning an Offering of 
Securities or expressing a desire to purchase Securities, the Company shall 
provide to MDB all relevant details of the inquiry.
 
 
1 The term “Securities” shall have the broadest possible meaning, but shall 
not include executive incentive equity or other employee or consultant 
equity grants that are unrelated to an Offering contemplated herein and 
shall not include any other securities that are mutually agreed by MDB and 
the Company in writing to be excluded from the definition of Securities. 
MDB recognizes that businesses like the Company may have an opportunity to 
exchange equity for intellectual property or for services that are not 
related to investment of working capital or financing, and agrees to 
consider in good faith any request by the Company to exclude from the 
definition of “Securities” common stock issued in connection with a 
transaction that is not a capital raising transaction.
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 2 of 15
 
b.           Services. MDB represents and warrants that it is a licensed 
broker/dealer under applicable federal and state securities law. MDB shall 
assist the Company in identifying investors and potential purchasers, 
carrying out due diligence with respect to any potential Offering, and 
analyzing, structuring, and negotiating the contemplated Offering(s) on the 
terms and conditions set forth herein. In the case of private Offerings, 
MDB shall undertake to arrange such transactions on a “best efforts” basis; 
MDB shall underwrite public Offerings, if any, on a “firm commitment” basis 
(any such underwritten public Offering is a “Public Offering”). However, 
nothing contained herein constitutes a commitment or guarantee, express or 
implied, that any Offering will be consummated. MDB will not have the power 
or authority to bind the Company to any sale of the Securities, and any 
Offering will be conducted at a price and on terms satisfactory to the 
Company. MDB will have the right, but not the obligation, to determine the 
allocation of the Securities among prospective purchasers, if necessary, 
provided that such allocation is reasonably acceptable to the Company.
 
From time to time throughout the Engagement, MDB shall propose potential 
investors to the Company for its review and approval. MDB will use 
commercially reasonable efforts to answer the reasonable questions of 
Company in connection with Company’s review and consideration. It is not 
anticipated that MDB will propose potential investors that are not U.S. 
persons. MDB shall seek Company approval (which shall not be unreasonably 
withheld) prior to contacting any potential investor on behalf of the 
Company. The Company shall have two business days in which to object to MDB 
contacting any such potential investor after MDB identifies the investor; 
in the absence of any objection received within that time period, MDB may 
reasonably presume contact to be approved. Such contacts as are approved by 
the Company shall be included in the definition of an “MDB Investor” for 
the purposes of Section 2c.
 
2.          Compensation. As consideration for the services provided under 
this Agreement, the Company will pay MDB a fee as follows:
 
a.           Fee. The Company shall pay MDB a cash fee (the “Fee”) equal to 
ten percent (10%) of the Gross Transaction Value (defined below) of any 
Offering, which is due and payable at the time of each closing of an 
Offering (“Closing”) exclusively from the proceeds of the Offering 
(directly from escrow, if an escrow account is used).
 
As used herein, the term “Gross Transaction Value” shall be any 
consideration whether paid directly or indirectly to or by the Company, or 
an affiliate, or to any of its stockholders, directors, officers or other 
management personnel, or to any third party at the direction of the 
Company, so long as such consideration is paid in connection with an 
Offering, including, but not limited to:
 
i. 	all cash, Securities or other property actually received;
       
ii. 	the aggregate principal amount of any indebtedness assumed by 
investors in connection with the Offering;
       
iii. 	all contingent future payments (including, but not limited to, 
milestone payments, royalties, or any other payments based upon future 
sales, profits or otherwise) as actually received;
       
iv. 	any payments for non-compete covenants or consulting agreements 
received from investors;
       
v. 	the net value of any liabilities assumed by investors or otherwise paid 
or to be paid by investors or out of proceeds of the Offering; and
       
vi. 	the net value of any excess benefits which are realized by any party 
or any stockholder, director, officer, employee or agent thereof as a 
result of contractual arrangements providing for benefits to it which are 
greater than those which would be reasonably expected to available to it on 
an arm's length basis.
        

 

 

       
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 3 of 15
 
If the Gross Transaction Value is paid in whole or in part in the form of 
Securities, the value of such Securities, for purposes of calculating MDB’s 
fee, shall be deemed to be the fair market value thereof on the day prior 
to the Closing, as the Company and MDB shall mutually agree; provided, 
however, that if such Securities consist of freely trading Securities for 
which there is an existing public trading market, the fair market value 
thereof shall be deemed to be the average of the last sales prices for such 
Securities on the ten (10) trading days ending five (5) days prior to 
Closing. With respect to contingent or non-contingent future payments, the 
value will be determined, and the payment made, at such future date as 
actually received.
 
b.           Warrants. In addition to the Cash Fee, immediately upon 
Closing, the Company shall sell to MDB warrants (“Warrants”) to purchase 
the same type and character of Securities as are issued in the Offering 
(e.g., Common Stock), in an amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the 
aggregate Securities issued in the Offering for the sum of $1,000. Such 
Warrants will be for a term of five (5) years at an exercise price equal to 
120% (one hundred twenty percent) of the price paid by investors in the 
Offering. The Warrants will contain cashless exercise and anti-dilution 
provisions and representations and warranties normal and customary for 
warrants issued to placement agents or underwriters, and will not be 
callable or terminable prior to the expiration date. No adjustment will be 
made to the exercise price or number of shares underlying the Warrants in 
the event of subsequent financings. Common stock underlying the Warrants 
will have identical registration rights as provided to investors in the 
Offering, including “piggyback” registration rights on the registrations of 
the Company or demand registrations (voting with the other registrable 
securities to effect any such demand) by any later round of investors. The 
Company shall bear all costs and expenses of registration, including the 
filing and clearing of one or more registration statements. The Warrants 
may be issued to any persons or entities designated by MDB.
 
c.           Other Fee Provisions; Fee Tail. The entire Fee and Warrants 
will be payable in respect of any other sale or placement of Company 
Securities that closes or is in process during the term of this Agreement, 
regardless of whether such sale has been arranged by MDB, by another agent, 
or directly by the Company. Upon termination of this Agreement for any 
reason, the Company shall promptly pay MDB its accrued but unpaid fees and 
unreimbursed expenses incurred up to and as of the date of termination. 
Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, MDB shall be entitled to 
the entire Fee and Warrants set forth in Section 2(a)-(b) if, within two 
(2) years of the later to occur of (i) the termination of this Agreement or 
(ii) the last Closing of any Offering arranged by MDB, the Company 
consummates or enters into an agreement for the sale of Securities or to 
obtain financing or other benefit with any person or entity contacted by 
MDB in connection with this engagement as approved by the Company pursuant 
to Section 1b or with which the Company or any of its agents on behalf of 
the Company first made contact without the involvement of MDB during the 
term of this Engagement (each, an “MDB Investor”). Any and all such fees 
shall be payable upon the Closing of any such sale.
 
d.           Expenses. The Company is responsible for all costs and 
expenses associated with any Offering of its Securities. Promptly upon 
request, the Company shall reimburse MDB for all reasonable out-of-pocket 
expenses incurred in connection with this Engagement, including but not 
limited to reasonable travel, printing, and the fees and expenses of legal 
counsel and any other independent advisors selected and retained by MDB 
(with the Company’s consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld), 
subject to the following:
 
i.            MDB Expenses. With the exception of legal fees and expenses, 
any single expense in excess of $1,000 (one thousand dollars) will not be 
incurred without the Company’s prior approval, which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld. In addition, the Company’s obligation to reimburse 
such ordinary expenses prior to the securing of bridge or other interim 
financing shall be limited to the sum of $10,000 (ten thousand dollars). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing limitation, any reasonable reimbursable 
expenses incurred but not reimbursed prior to bridge financing due to said 
limitation shall be reimbursed after the bridge financing and the cap shall 
be thereafter lifted, subject to the Company’s continued right to approve 
expenses over $1,000. Upon execution of this Agreement, the Company shall 
deposit with MDB a fully refundable expense retainer of $10,000 (ten 
thousand dollars).
 
 
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 4 of 15
 
ii.         Legal Expenses. It is understood that the amount of MDB’s legal 
expenses necessarily depends on the manner and size of any Offering the 
Company pursues. Prior to MDB’s engagement of counsel with respect to any 
Offering, public or private, the Company shall deposit with MDB a 
refundable legal fee retainer of $25,000 (twenty-five thousand dollars). 
With respect to any single private Offering, the Company shall not be 
expected to reimburse MDB more than $25,000 (twenty-five thousand dollars) 
in legal fees. It is understood that the fees of MDB’s counsel for any 
Public Offering (“Underwriter’s Counsel”) will significantly exceed $25,000 
but will not exceed the market rate for similar services by counsel of 
commensurate reputation, experience, and skill; legal fees for 
Underwriter’s Counsel shall be negotiated in good faith and approved by the 
Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) prior to 
commencement of any work by Underwriter’s Counsel with respect to any 
Public Offering of Company Securities, it being understood that in no event 
will MDB advance legal fees on the Company’s behalf.
 
	e. 	          Payments. All payments to be made to MDB hereunder will be 
made in cash by wire transfer of immediately available U.S. funds. Except 
as expressly set forth herein, no fee payable to MDB hereunder shall be 
credited against any other fee due to MDB. The obligation to pay any fee or 
expense set forth herein shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not 
be subject to reduction by way of setoff, recoupment or counterclaim.
 
3.          Manner of Offering; Representations and Warranties of the 
Company. The Company warrants and agrees that:
 
a.           Due Diligence. The Company will fully cooperate with MDB in 
any due diligence investigation reasonably requested by MDB in connection 
with the Engagement and will use commercially reasonable efforts (or in the 
case of a request in connection with a Public Offering, best efforts) to 
furnish MDB with such information with respect to the business, operations, 
assets, liabilities, financial condition and prospects of the Company, 
including but not limited to financial statements, certificates of its 
senior officers regarding such information, and customary opinions of 
counsel and customary letters or opinions of accountants, and such other 
documents as MDB may from time to time reasonably request (the "Company 
Information") to assist in preparing a private placement memorandum, 
registration statement, or similar document for use in connection with any 
Offering and will provide MDB with access to the officers, directors, 
employees, accountants, counsel and other representatives (collectively, 
the “Representatives”) of the Company. It is acknowledged that the practice 
of requesting legal opinions in private Offerings is declining in 
prevalence and that the scope of such opinions, when given, is also 
declining. The Company represents and warrants that all Company Information 
provided to MDB, including but not limited to the Company's financial 
statements, will be complete and correct in all material respects and will 
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a 
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make 
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were 
made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges and confirms that MDB (i) 
will use and rely upon the accuracy and completeness of all such Company 
Information without independently investigating or verifying same; (ii) has 
not been retained to independently verify any such Company Information; 
(iii) assumes no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy 
for any purpose of such Company Information or any other information 
regarding the Company; and (iv) will not make any appraisal of any assets 
of the Company.
 
b.           Offering Materials. The Company will be solely responsible for 
the contents of the private placement memorandum, registration statement, 
or other offering document (as such may be amended or supplemented from 
time to time, and including any information incorporated therein by 
reference, the "Offering Materials") and any and all other written or oral 
communications provided by or on behalf of the Company to any actual or 
prospective purchaser of the Securities, and the Company represents and 
warrants that the Offering Materials (other than with respect to any 
financial projections contained therein, if any), registration statement, 
and such other communications will not, as of the date of the offer or sale 
of the Securities, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit 
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in 
order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under 
which they were made, not misleading. With respect to any financial 
projections that may be contained in the Offering Materials (the 
“Projections”), the Company represents and warrants that the Projections 
will be made with a reasonable basis and in good faith and that the 
Projections will represent the best then-available estimate and judgment as 
to the future financial performance of the Company based on the assumptions 
to be disclosed therein, which assumptions will be all the assumptions that 
are material in forecasting the financial results of the Company and which 
will reflect the best then-available estimate of the events, contingencies 
and circumstances described therein. The Company authorizes MDB to provide 
the Offering Materials and related communications to prospective and final 
Company-approved purchasers of the Securities.
  

 

 

  
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 5 of 15
  
If, at any time prior to the completion of the offer and sale of the 
Securities, an event occurs that would cause the Offering Materials, 
registration statement, or other selling communications to contain an 
untrue statement of a material fact or to omit to state a material fact 
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the 
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, or that would 
cause a material change in the Company’s view of the likelihood of 
achievement of the Projections or the reasonableness of the underlying 
assumptions, then the Company will notify MDB immediately of such event, 
and MDB will suspend solicitations of the prospective purchasers of the 
Securities until such time as the Company shall prepare a supplement or 
amendment to the Offering Materials, registration statement, and selling 
communications that corrects such statement or omission or revises the 
Projections or such assumptions.
 
c.           Reliance Upon Company Representations and Opinions of Counsel, 
Etc. The Company agrees that any representations and warranties made by it 
to any investor in a private Offering shall be deemed also to be made to 
MDB for its benefit, and MDB shall be entitled to rely upon the same 
opinions of counsel and accountant’s letters that are provided to 
purchasers of the Securities in such Offering. Accordingly, the Company 
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any such opinion or 
letter delivered to any investors in the Offering also to be addressed and 
delivered to MDB, or to cause such counsel or accountant to deliver to MDB 
a letter authorizing it to rely upon such opinion or letter. In connection 
with any Public Offering, the Company and MDB expect to enter into a 
mutually agreeable underwriting agreement in customary form, which would be 
expected to supersede this Engagement Agreement. For convenience and 
clarity of public disclosure, the parties agree to cooperate and attempt in 
good faith to incorporate Material Surviving Provisions into such 
underwriting agreement or a short and simple additional agreement or 
supplement to such underwriting agreement entered into at or around the 
time of effectiveness of the underwriting agreement. “Material Surviving 
Provisions” shall mean any surviving provisions of this Engagement 
Agreement that would be material in the context of such Public Offering and 
that may be required to be performed after the effectiveness of the 
registration statement filed in connection with such Public Offering.
 
d.           Compliance with State Securities Laws. The Company will be 
solely responsible for all applicable state securities law compliance with 
respect to the offer and sale of the Securities, including the timely 
making of any filings or taking other actions required under the applicable 
securities or “blue sky” laws or regulations of such domestic states as MDB 
reasonably may specify and the continuation of qualifications in effect for 
so long as may be required. The Company will provide MDB with copies of any 
pertinent filings at or around the time they are made, and to the extent 
any filing contains information relating to MDB and/or the terms of this 
Engagement, MDB will be provided a copy of the intended filing sufficiently 
in advance to permit time for review and comment. Before contacting any 
possible investor in connection with any Offering and, in any event, before 
providing any Offering Materials to any possible investor, MDB will provide 
to the Company its CRD number and make a good-faith attempt to disclose to 
the Company all other broker-dealer or investment adviser registration or 
exemption information it reasonably believes in its experience is required 
to be disclosed to any government authority in any securities filing 
required in connection with the Offering; further, MDB will promptly, and 
in any event within two business days of request from the Company provide 
such other information as the Company reasonably believes is required 
regarding MDB or its associates or affiliates to complete any securities 
law filing in order to comply with applicable law. Compliance with state 
securities laws will be at the Company’s sole expense.
  

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 6 of 15
 
e.           Offerings Exempt from Registration. To the extent that any 
Offering is designated as one to be made pursuant to an applicable 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Act”), the Company agrees that it will not, directly or indirectly, 
make any offer or sale of any Securities which would cause the contemplated 
Offering to fail to be entitled to the applicable exemption or unreasonably 
limit the availability of a public registered Offering or an Offering in 
which MDB will act. In particular, the Company represents and warrants to 
MDB that it has not, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of 
Securities which would cause the Offering of the Securities contemplated 
hereunder to fail to be entitled to the exemption from registration 
afforded by Section 4(2) of the Act. As used herein, the terms “offer” and 
“sale” have the meanings specified in Section 2(3) of the Act.
 
To the extent that an Offering is designated as one to be made pursuant to 
Regulation D under the Act, the offer and sale of the Securities will 
comply with certain requirements of Regulation D, including, without 
limitation, the requirements that:
 
(i) The Company will not offer or sell the Securities by means of any form 
of general solicitation or general advertising.
 
(ii) The Company will not offer or sell the Securities to any person who is 
not an “accredited investor” (as defined in Rule 501 under the Act).
 
(iii) The Company will exercise reasonable care to assure that the 
purchasers of the Securities are not underwriters within the meaning of 
Section 2(11) of the Act and, without limiting the foregoing, that such 
purchasers will comply with Rule 502(d) under the Act.
 
(iv) The Company will not make any filings with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission with respect to the offer and sale of the Securities without 
prior notification to MDB.
 
f.            Audits. The Company shall be solely responsible for 
performing, and shall perform, all financial audits necessary to meet the 
listing requirements of the NASDAQ, NYSE, or AMEX exchanges, as 
appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, no financial audits will be 
required in connection with private Offerings.
 
g.           Patent Drafting Firm. Prior to Closing of an Offering, the 
Company shall retain a professional patent drafting firm reasonably 
acceptable to MDB in terms of scope of services and fees.
 
h.           Additional Pre-Offering Requirements. Prior to any Offering, 
the Company shall ensure that its capital structure, employee stock option 
plan, and Board of Directors are reasonably acceptable to MDB and, where 
applicable, the Company shall cause all holders to convert all notes and 
preferred shares to Common Stock with the extinguishment of attached 
rights. As a condition to making any changes at MDB’s request in connection 
with this subsection, the Company may require reasonable employment 
agreements or other protective agreements be entered into with one or more 
officers of the Company.
 
j.            Lock-Up Period. In the event of an IPO, all shares held by 
principals in the Company, shares received pursuant to a merger, if any, 
which closes within ninety days of the IPO closing, all Fee shares or 
Warrants and all shares received pursuant to exercise of such Warrants 
received by MDB hereunder, and all fee shares/warrants and all shares 
received pursuant to exercise of such Warrants received by the IP 
Development Company pursuant to subsection (j) above may not be sold or 
redeemed for a period of 12 months following the initial listing on an 
exchange. Investors in bridge financing, if any, will be locked up for a 
period of no less than 180 days following initial listing.
  

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 7 of 15
 
k.          Investor Relations Firm; Investor Conference Calls. For a 
period of two (2) years from the Closing of a Public Offering, the Company 
shall retain an investor relations firm reasonably acceptable to MDB in 
terms of scope of services and fees, which firm should have the ability to 
perform investor relations and product and company branding functions. For 
a period of two (2) years from the Closing of a Public Offering, the 
Company, with the aid of the investor relations firm, will announce and 
hold investor and public conference calls at least quarterly, at which the 
Company will review its quarterly and annual financial results and give 
guidance for the financial results of the then fiscal year, which 
information will also be made available in a press release and Form 8-K.
 
l.            Post-Offering Commitments. For a period of two (2) years from 
the Closing of a Public Offering, the Company shall:
 
(i) subscribe to the Depository Trust Clearing Corporation weekly transfer 
sheet reports, and provide such reports to MDB immediately upon receipt; 
and
 
(ii) no less than 24 hours prior to making any public filing or 
announcement, provide to MDB all such proposed public filings and 
announcements for its review and comment.
 
4.          Confidentiality. MDB acknowledges that in connection with the 
Engagement, the Company will provide MDB with information which the Company 
considers to be confidential and which will be marked with some methodology 
that indicates the Company’s intention to preserve the information as 
confidential (“Confidential Information”). MDB agrees to employ all 
reasonable efforts to keep the Confidential Information secret and 
confidential, using no less than the degree of care employed by MDB to 
preserve and safeguard its own confidential information, and shall not 
disclose or reveal the Confidential Information to anyone except its 
employees, consultants and contractors who have an obligation of 
confidentiality with MDB. MDB will not use the Confidential Information 
except in connection with its performance of services hereunder, unless 
disclosure is required by law, court order, or any government, regulatory 
or self-regulatory agency or body in the opinion of MDB’s counsel, in which 
event MDB will provide the Company with reasonable advance notice of such 
disclosure. These obligations do not apply to any portion of Confidential 
Information which: (a) is or becomes generally available to the public 
other than through a breach of this Agreement; (b) was rightfully in MDB’s 
possession or readily available to MDB from another source not under 
obligation of secrecy to the Company prior to the disclosure; (c) is 
rightfully received by MDB from another source on a non-confidential basis; 
(d) is disclosed by the Company to an unaffiliated third party free of any 
obligation of confidence; (e) is developed by or for MDB without reference 
to the Company’s Confidential Information; or (f) is released for 
disclosure with the Company’s written consent. Notwithstanding any 
termination of this Agreement, MDB’s confidentiality obligations shall 
survive (1) in perpetuity under the Uniform Trade Secrets Act (“UTSA”) in 
respect of any Trade Secret as defined by the UTSA, and (2) in respect of 
any non-Trade Secret, for a period of two years from the date of 
disclosure.
 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, MDB is authorized to transmit to any 
Company-approved prospective investor the following: confidential material 
furnished by the Company or prepared by MDB in conjunction with the Company 
for transmission to prospective investors in a private Offering; and forms 
of purchase agreements and any other legal documentation supplied to MDB 
for transmission to any prospective investor by or on behalf of the 
Company. The Company authorizes MDB to execute, on the Company’s behalf, 
confidentiality agreements in a form acceptable to the Company with such 
Company-approved prospective investors.
 
5.          Indemnification. The Company agrees to indemnify MDB and 
related persons in accordance with the indemnification agreement attached 
as Exhibit A, which is incorporated herein by this reference. The 
provisions of Exhibit A shall survive any termination or expiration of this 
Agreement.
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 8 of 15
 
6.          Term and Termination. MDB’s Engagement will commence upon the 
execution of this Agreement and shall continue in effect for a period of 
180 (one hundred eighty) days (the “Initial Term”). During the Initial 
Term, this agreement may not be terminated by the Company absent gross 
negligence or willful misconduct of MDB. After the expiration of the 
Initial Term, the Agreement shall automatically renew and continue in 
effect until it is terminated by either party with sixty (60) days’ written 
notice to the other pursuant to Section 19. Upon termination of this 
Agreement for any reason, the rights and obligations of the parties 
hereunder shall terminate, except for the obligations set forth in Sections 
2 (including, without limitation, to the extent payment is required under 
Section 2(c)), 3(b)-(g), 3(j)-(l), 5,6, 8-19, and Exhibit A, which shall 
survive termination.
 
7.          Additional Services; Right of First Refusal. Should the Company 
request MDB to perform any services or act in any capacity not specifically 
addressed in this Agreement, such services or activities shall constitute 
separate engagements, the terms and conditions of which will be embodied in 
separate written agreement(s) and will include appropriate indemnification 
provisions. The indemnity provisions of Exhibit A shall apply to any such 
additional engagements (whether or not covered by a separate written 
agreement), unless and until superseded by a written indemnity provision 
set forth in a subsequent agreement.
  
8.          Other Transactions; Disclaimers. The Company acknowledges that 
MDB is engaged in a wide range of investing, investment banking and other 
activities (including investment management, corporate finance, securities 
issuance, trading and research and brokerage activities) from which 
conflicting interests or duties, or the appearance thereof, may arise. 
Information held elsewhere within MDB but not accessible (absent a breach 
of internal procedures) to its investment banking personnel providing 
services to the Company will not under any circumstances affect MDB’s 
responsibilities to the Company hereunder. The Company further acknowledges 
that MDB and its affiliates have and may continue to have investment 
banking, broker-dealer and other relationships with parties other than the 
Company pursuant to which MDB may acquire information of interest to the 
Company. MDB shall have no obligation to disclose to the Company or to use 
for the Company’s benefit any such non-public information or other 
information acquired in the course of engaging in any other transaction (on 
MDB’s own account or otherwise) or otherwise carrying on the business of 
MDB. The Company further acknowledges that from time to time MDB’s 
independent research department may publish research reports or other 
materials, the substance and/or timing of which may conflict with the views 
or advice of MDB’s investment banking department and/or which may have an 
adverse effect on the Company’s interests in connection with the 
transactions contemplated hereby or otherwise. In addition, the Company 
acknowledges that, in the ordinary course of business, MDB may trade the 
securities of the Company for its own account and for the accounts of its 
customers, and may at any time hold a long or short position in such 
securities. MDB shall nonetheless remain fully responsible for compliance 
with federal and state securities laws in connection with such activities.
 
It is expressly understood and agreed that MDB has not provided nor is 
undertaking to provide any advice to the Company relating to legal, 
regulatory, accounting, or tax matters. The Company acknowledges and agrees 
that it has relied and will continue to rely on the advice of its own 
legal, tax and accounting advisors in all matters relating to any Offering 
contemplated hereunder.
 
The Company further acknowledges and agrees that MDB will act solely as an 
independent contractor hereunder, and that MDB’s responsibility to the 
Company is solely contractual in nature and that MDB does not owe the 
Company or any other person or entity, including but not limited to its 
shareholders, any fiduciary or similar duty as a result of the Engagement 
or otherwise.
 
The Company agrees that neither MDB nor any of its controlling persons, 
affiliates, directors, officers, employees or consultants shall have any 
liability to the Company or any person asserting claims on behalf of or in 
right of the Company for any losses, claims, damages, liabilities or 
expenses arising out of or relating to the Engagement, unless it is finally 
judicially determined that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or 
expenses resulted solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of 
MDB.
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 9 of 15
 
9.          Work Product and Announcements. MDB's advice shall be the sole 
proprietary work product and intellectual property of MDB, and such advice 
may not be disclosed, in whole or in part, to third parties other than the 
Company’s professional advisors, as necessary, without the prior written 
permission of MDB unless such disclosure is required by law. The Company 
acknowledges that MDB, at its option and expense, and no earlier than the 
first to occur of (i) the signing of definitive agreements regarding the 
Offering or (ii) the public announcement of the Offering by the Company, 
may place announcements and advertisements or otherwise publicize the 
Offering (which may include the reproduction of the Company’s logo and a 
hyperlink to the Company’s website) on MDB’s website and in such financial 
and other newspapers and journals as it may choose, stating that MDB has 
acted as an agent in connection with or advised the Company about such 
Offering.
 
	 10.      	Complete Agreement; Amendments; Assignment. This Agreement sets 
forth the entire understanding of the parties relating to the subject 
matter hereof and supersedes and cancels any prior communications, 
understandings and agreements, whether oral or written, between MDB and the 
Company. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except in writing. 
The rights of MDB hereunder shall be freely assignable to any affiliate of 
MDB, and this Agreement shall apply to, inure to the benefit of and be 
binding upon and enforceable against each of the parties and their 
successors and assigns.
 
	11.        Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended solely 
for the benefit of the parties hereto and, with the exception of the rights 
and benefits conferred upon the Indemnified Parties by Section 5 and 
Exhibit A of this Agreement, shall not be deemed or interpreted to confer 
any rights upon any third parties.
 
12.         Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Venue. All aspects of the 
relationship created by this Agreement shall be governed by and construed 
in accordance with the laws of the State of California, applicable to 
contracts made and to be performed in California, without regard to its 
conflicts of laws provisions. All actions and proceedings which are not 
submitted to arbitration pursuant to Section 13 hereof shall be heard and 
determined exclusively in the state and federal courts located in the 
County of Los Angeles, State of California, and the Company and MDB hereby 
submit to the jurisdiction of such courts and irrevocably waive any defense 
or objection to such forum, on forum non conveniens grounds or otherwise. 
The parties agree to accept service of process by mail, to their principal 
business address, addressed to the chief executive officer and secretary 
thereof. The parties hereby agree that this Section 12 shall survive the 
termination and/or expiration of this Agreement. Each of the Company and 
MDB will use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate in connection 
with a reasonable request of the other to provide information to facilitate 
compliance with applicable law and regulation in connection with their 
respective performance under this Agreement.
 
13.         Arbitration. Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of 
or relating to this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, 
interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the 
scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, shall be determined 
by arbitration in Los Angeles (with the exception of claims to enforce the 
indemnity provision contained herein, which may, at the option of the party 
seeking relief, be submitted either to arbitration or to any court of 
competent jurisdiction). The arbitration shall be administered either by 
FINRA Dispute Resolution pursuant to its Code of Arbitration Procedure, or 
if FINRA cannot or does not accept the arbitration, by JAMS pursuant to its 
Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures. Judgment on the Award may be 
entered in any court having jurisdiction. This clause shall not preclude 
parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a 
court of appropriate jurisdiction.
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 10 of 15
 
The arbitrator may, in the Award, allocate all or part of the costs of the 
arbitration, including the fees of the arbitrator and the reasonable 
attorneys’ fees of the prevailing party.
 
The parties hereby agree that this Section 13 shall survive the termination 
and/or expiration of this Agreement.
 
The Company’s and MDB’s consent to Arbitration are confirmed by initialing 
below:
 
  	  	 
Company 	  	MDB
 
14.         Severability. Should any one or more covenants, restrictions 
and provisions contained in this Agreement be held for any reason to be 
void, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, such unenforceability 
will not affect the validity of any other term of this Agreement, and the 
invalid provision will be binding to the fullest extent permitted by law 
and will be deemed amended and construed so as to meet this intent. To the 
extent any provision cannot be so amended or construed as a matter of law, 
the validity of the remaining provisions shall be deemed unaffected and the 
illegal or invalid provision will be deemed stricken from this Agreement.
 
15.         Section Headings. The section headings herein are for 
convenience of reference only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect the 
meaning hereof.
 
16.         Accounting. Any calculation, computation or accounting that may 
be required under this Agreement shall be made in accordance and conformity 
with the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and other standards as 
determined by the Financial Accounting Standards board and regulatory 
agencies with appropriate jurisdiction.
 
17.         Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed via facsimile 
transmission and may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which 
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall 
constitute a single instrument.
 
18.         Patriot Act. MDB hereby notifies the Company that pursuant to 
the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (the “Patriot Act”), it is required 
to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Company in a 
manner that satisfies the requirements of the Patriot Act. This notice is 
given in accordance with the requirements of the Patriot Act.
 
19.         Notice. All notices, demands, and other communications to given 
pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be personally 
delivered, sent by overnight delivery using a nationally recognized courier 
service, sent by facsimile transmission, or emailed. Notice shall be deemed 
received: (a) if personally delivered, upon the date of delivery to the 
address of the receiving party; (b) if sent by overnight courier, the date 
actually received by the recipient; (c) if sent by facsimile or email, when 
sent. The parties will each promptly notify the other of any changes to the 
following contact information.
 
Notices to MDB shall be sent to: 	  	Notices to the Company shall be sent 
to:
  	  	 
MDB Capital Group, LLC 	  	DvineWave Inc.
401 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1020 	  	Attention Mr. Michael Leabman
Santa Monica, California 90401 	  	207 Veritas Court
Fax: (310) 526-5020 	  	San Ramon, CA 94582
Email: d@mdb.com 	  	 
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 11 of 15
 
  	  	With a copy to Company counsel at:
  	  	 
  	  	Much Shelist, P.C.
  	  	191 North Wacker Drive, Suite 1800
  	  	Chicago, IL, 60606
  	  	Reference #10484
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 12 of 15
 
If the above accords with your understanding and agreement, kindly indicate 
your consent hereto by signing below. We look forward to a long and 
successful relationship with you.
 
  	Very truly yours,
  	 
  	MDB CAPITAL GROUP LLC
  	 
  	/s/ Anthony DiGiandomenico
  	By:         Anthony DiGiandomenico, Partner
  	               Head of Investment Banking
 
ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO
AS OF THE DATE FIRST ABOVE WRITTEN:
 
DvineWave Inc.
 
/s/ Michael Leabman 	 
By: 	Michael Leabman 	 
  	President 	 
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p.13 of 15
 
EXHIBIT A
INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
 
In further consideration of the engagement by DvineWave Inc. (the 
“Company”) of MDB Capital Group LLC ("MDB") to act as the Company’s 
exclusive placement agent in connection with a potential Offering or 
Offerings of securities, as such engagement is described in that letter 
agreement between us of even date (the “Engagement Agreement”), the Company 
agrees to indemnify MDB and certain other persons provided for herein, as 
follows:
 
A.           Indemnification Generally. The Company hereby agrees to 
indemnify and hold harmless MDB Capital, its directors, officers, agents, 
employees, members, affiliates, subsidiaries, counsel, and each other 
person or entity who controls MDB or any of its affiliates within the 
meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act (collectively, the “Indemnified 
Parties”) to the fullest extent permitted by law from and against any and 
all losses, claims, damages, expenses, or liabilities (or actions in 
respect thereof) (“Losses”), joint or several, to which they or any of them 
may become subject under any statute or at common law, and to reimburse 
such Indemnified Parties for any reasonable legal or other expense 
(including but not limited to the cost of any investigation, preparation, 
response to third party subpoenas) incurred by them in connection with any 
litigation or administrative or regulatory action (“Proceeding”), whether 
pending or threatened, and whether or not resulting in any liability, 
insofar as such losses, claims, liabilities, or litigation arise out of or 
are based upon (1) the engagement of MDB pursuant to the Engagement 
Agreement or subsequent agreement of similar purpose between the Company 
and MDB (an “Additional Engagement Agreement”); (2) the Offering of Company 
Securities to third parties contemplated by the Engagement Agreement or 
Additional Engagement Agreement, (3) any other matter relating to any 
Offering of Company Securities referred to or contemplated by the 
Engagement Agreement or Additional Engagement Agreement; (4) any untrue 
statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in the 
private placement memorandum, offering materials, registration statement, 
or other offering or selling document (as may be amended or supplemented 
and including any information incorporated therein by reference, the 
“Company Documentation”), or in any other written or oral communication 
provided by or on behalf of the Company to any actual or prospective 
purchaser of Securities (as that term is defined in the Engagement 
Agreement), unless such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement arises 
solely from information supplied by any members, officers, agents or 
employees of MDB, in writing specifically for use therein; or (5) the 
omission or alleged omission to state in the Company Documentation a 
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the 
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were 
made, not misleading; provided, however, that while the indemnity 
provisions herein shall include any and all claims regardless of whether 
MDB Capital’s sole negligence, active or passive, contributed to losses, 
they shall not apply to (i) amounts paid in settlement of any such 
litigation if such settlement is effected without the consent of the 
Company, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, or (ii) Losses 
arising solely from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of 
Indemnified Parties; and provided that the Company will not be responsible 
for the fees and expenses of more than one counsel to all Indemnified 
Parties, in addition to appropriate local counsel, unless in the reasonable 
judgment of any Indemnified Party there exists a potential conflict of 
interest which would make it inappropriate for one counsel to represent all 
such Indemnified Parties.
 
B.           Reimbursement. The Company will reimburse all Indemnified 
Parties for all reasonable expenses (including, but not limited to, 
reasonable fees and disbursements of no more than one counsel for all 
Indemnified Parties) incurred by any such Indemnified Parties in connection 
with investigating, preparing, and defending any such action or claim, 
whether or not in connection with pending or threatened litigation in 
connection with the transaction to which an Indemnified Parties is a party, 
promptly as such expenses are incurred or paid (unless the Indemnified 
Parties request they be paid in advance pursuant to Subsection C below).
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 14 of 15
 
C.           Advances. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof or any 
other agreement between the parties, the Company shall advance, to the 
extent not prohibited by law, all expenses reasonably anticipated to be 
incurred by or on behalf of the Indemnified Parties in connection with any 
Proceeding, whether pending or threatened, within fifteen (15) days of 
receipt of a statement or statements (“Statement(s)”) from the Indemnified 
Parties, or any of them, requesting such advances from time to time.  This 
advancement obligation shall include any refundable retainers of counsel 
retained by Indemnified Parties (as selected by Indemnified Parties in 
their sole and absolute discretion), subject to the restriction that the 
Company shall not be required to advance legal fees of the Indemnified 
Persons with respect to more than one (1) law firm that is representing the 
Indemnified Parties. If, due to conflict or other issues, the Indemnified 
Persons engage more than one law firm to represent them (or any of them), 
the Company’s indemnification obligations under this Exhibit A shall only 
apply as against one law firm representing MDB or the majority of the 
Indemnified Parties. Any Statement requesting advances shall evidence the 
expenses anticipated or incurred by the Indemnified Parties with reasonable 
particularity and may include only those expenses reasonably expected to be 
incurred within the 180-day period following each Statement. In the event 
some portion of the amounts advanced pursuant to this Section C are unused, 
or in the event a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines that 
the Indemnified Parties are not entitled to be indemnified against certain 
expenses, Indemnified Parties shall return the unused or disallowed portion 
of any advances within ninety (90) days of the final disposition of any 
Proceeding to which such advances pertain, together with interest thereon 
at an annual percentage rate of 6%.
 
D.           Contribution. If such indemnification is for any reason not 
available or insufficient to hold an Indemnified Party harmless, the 
Company agrees promptly to contribute to the Losses involved in such 
proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received (or 
anticipated to be received) by the Company, on the one hand, and by MDB, on 
the other hand, with respect to the Engagement or similar services under 
any Additional Engagement Agreement or, if such allocation is determined by 
a court or arbitral tribunal to be unavailable, in such proportion as is 
appropriate to reflect other equitable considerations such as the relative 
fault of the Company on the one hand and of MDB on the other hand; 
provided, however, that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the 
Indemnified Parties shall not be responsible for amounts which in the 
aggregate are in excess of the amount of all cash fees, exclusive of costs, 
actually received by MDB from the Company at the Closing in connection with 
the Engagement or similar services under any Additional Engagement 
Agreement. Relative benefits to the Company, on the one hand, and to MDB, 
on the other hand, with respect to the Engagement shall be deemed to be in 
the same proportion as (i) the total value received or proposed to be 
received by the Company in connection with the Offering, whether or not 
consummated, bears to (ii) all fees received or proposed to be received by 
MDB in connection with the applicable engagement. Relative fault shall be 
determined, in the case of Losses arising out of or based on any untrue 
statement or any alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or 
alleged omission to state a material fact, by reference to, among other 
things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact 
or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to 
information supplied by the Company to MDB and the parties’ relative 
intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or 
prevent such untrue statement or omission. No person guilty of fraudulent 
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended) shall be entitled to contribution from any person 
who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
 
E.           No Liability Without Gross Negligence or Misconduct. The 
Company agrees that no Indemnified Party shall have any liability to the 
Company or its respective owners, successors, heirs, parents, affiliates, 
security holders or creditors for any Losses, except to the extent such 
Losses are determined, by a final, non-appealable judgment by a court or 
arbitral tribunal of competent jurisdiction, to have resulted solely from 
such Indemnified Person’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.
 
F.           Notice. MDB agrees, promptly upon receipt, to notify the 
Company in writing of the receipt of written notice of the commencement of 
any action against it or against any other Indemnified Parties, in respect 
of which indemnity may be sought hereunder; however, the failure so to 
notify the Company will not relieve it from liability under Sections A 
above unless and to the extent it did not otherwise learn of such action 
and such failure results in the forfeiture by the Company of substantial 
rights or defenses.
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 15 of 15
 
G.           Settlement. The Company will not, without MDB's prior written 
consent, settle, compromise, or consent to the entry of any judgment in or 
otherwise seek to terminate any pending Proceeding in respect of which 
indemnification may be sought hereunder (whether or not any Indemnified 
Party is a party therein) unless the Company has given MDB reasonable prior 
written notice thereof and such settlement, compromise, consent or 
termination includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified Party 
from any liabilities arising out of such Proceeding. The Company will not 
permit any such settlement, compromise, consent or termination to include a 
statement as to, or an admission of, fault, culpability or a failure to act 
by or on behalf of an Indemnified Party, without such Indemnified Party's 
prior written consent. No Indemnified Party seeking indemnification, 
reimbursement or contribution under this Agreement will, without the 
Company's prior written consent, settle, compromise, consent to the entry 
of any judgment in or otherwise seek to terminate any Proceeding referred 
to herein or admit fault, culpability or failure to act by or on behalf of 
the Company or any Indemnified Party.
 
H.           Survival; Successors. The indemnity, contribution and expense 
reimbursement obligations set forth herein shall be in addition to any 
liability the Company may have to any Indemnified Party at common law or 
otherwise (but not duplicative of or effective to result in any 
multiplicative return of Losses or of any such liability of the Company), 
and shall remain operative and in full force and effect notwithstanding the 
termination of this Agreement, the closing of the contemplated Offering, 
and any successor of MDB or any other Indemnified Parties shall be entitled 
to the benefit of the provisions hereof. Prior to entering into any 
agreement or arrangement with respect to, or effecting, any merger, 
statutory exchange or other business combination or proposed sale or 
exchange, dividend or other distribution or liquidation of all or a 
significant portion of its assets in one or a series of transactions or any 
significant recapitalization or reclassification of its outstanding 
securities that does not directly or indirectly provide for the assumption 
of the obligations of the Company set forth herein, the Company will 
promptly notify MDB in writing thereof and, if requested by MDB, shall 
arrange in connection therewith alternative means of providing for the 
obligations of the Company set forth herein, including the assumption of 
such obligations by another party, insurance, surety bonds or the creation 
of an escrow, in each case in an amount and on terms and conditions 
reasonably satisfactory to MDB.
 
I.           Consent to Jurisdiction; Attorneys’ Fees. Solely for the 
purpose of enforcing the Company's obligations hereunder, the Company 
consents to personal jurisdiction, service and venue in any court 
proceeding in which any claim subject to this Agreement is brought by or 
against any Indemnified Party other than MDB. In any action for enforcement 
of this indemnity provision, the prevailing party shall be entitled to 
recover all costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, of bringing such 
an action.
 
DVINEWAVE INC.
 
/s/ Michael Leabman 	 
By: 	Michael Leabman 	 
  	President 	 
 

 

 