 EX-10.39 3 a14-24172_1ex10d39.htm EX-10.39
Exhibit 10.39
 
$20,000,000
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
Dated as of November 10, 2014
 
among
 
ARC GROUP WORLDWIDE, INC.,
as the Parent
 
and
 
ADVANCED FORMING TECHNOLOGY, INC.,
ARC WIRELESS, INC.,
FLOMET LLC,
GENERAL FLANGE & FORGE LLC,
TEKNA SEAL LLC,
3D MATERIAL TECHNOLOGIES, LLC
and
QUADRANT METALS TECHNOLOGIES LLC,
as the Borrowers,
 
MCLARTY CAPITAL PARTNERS SBIC, L.P.,
as Administrative Agent
 
and
 
THE OTHER LENDERS PARTY HERETO
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
 
 
Page
 
 
 
ARTICLE I
Definitions and Accounting Terms
1
 
 
 
   Section 1.01.
Defined Terms
1
    
 
 
   Section 1.02.
Other Interpretive Provisions
31
    
 
 
   Section 1.03.
Accounting Terms
32
    
 
 
   Section 1.04.
Rounding
32
    
 
 
   Section 1.05.
References to Agreements, Laws, Etc.
32
    
 
 
   Section 1.06.
Times of Day
32
 
 
 
ARTICLE II
The Commitment and the Term Loan
32
 
 
 
   Section 2.01.
The Term Loan
32
    
 
 
   Section 2.02.
Additional Tranches
32
    
 
 
   Section 2.03.
Prepayments
33
    
 
 
   Section 2.04.
[Reserved]
36
    
 
 
   Section 2.05.
Repayment of the Term Loan
36
    
 
 
   Section 2.06.
Interest
36
    
 
 
   Section 2.07.
Fees
37
    
 
 
   Section 2.08.
Computation of Interest and Fees
37
    
 
 
   Section 2.09.
Evidence of Indebtedness
37
    
 
 
   Section 2.10.
Payments Generally
38
    
 
 
   Section 2.11.
Sharing of Payments, etc.
39
    
 
 
   Section 2.12.
[Reserved]
39
    
 
 
   Section 2.13.
[Reserved]
39
    
 
 
   Section 2.14.
[Reserved]
39
    
 
 
   Section 2.15.
[Reserved]
39
    
 
 
   Section 2.16.
Obligations of the Borrowers; Appointment of the Parent as Agent
40
 
 
 
ARTICLE III
Taxes, Increased Costs Protection and Illegality
40
 
 
 
   Section 3.01.
Taxes
40
    
 
 
   Section 3.02.
[Reserved]
44
    
 
 
   Section 3.03.
[Reserved]
44
    
 
 
   Section 3.04.
Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy
44
 
i
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
   Section 3.05.
[Reserved]
45
    
 
 
   Section 3.06.
Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation
45
    
 
 
   Section 3.07.
Replacement of Lenders under Certain Circumstances
45
    
 
 
   Section 3.08.
Survival
46
 
 
 
ARTICLE IV
Conditions Precedent to the Term Loan
46
 
 
 
   Section 4.01.
Conditions to the Term Loan
46
 
 
 
ARTICLE V
Representations and Warranties
49
 
 
 
   Section 5.01.
Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws and Business
49
    
 
 
   Section 5.02.
Authorization; No Contravention
50
    
 
 
   Section 5.03.
Governmental Authorization
50
    
 
 
   Section 5.04.
Binding Effect
50
    
 
 
   Section 5.05.
Material Contracts
50
    
 
 
   Section 5.06.
Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect; No Default
51
    
 
 
   Section 5.07.
Litigation
52
    
 
 
   Section 5.08.
Labor Matters
52
    
 
 
   Section 5.09.
Ownership of Property; Liens
52
    
 
 
   Section 5.10.
Environmental Matters
52
    
 
 
   Section 5.11.
Solvency
53
    
 
 
   Section 5.12.
Taxes
53
    
 
 
   Section 5.13.
ERISA Compliance
54
    
 
 
   Section 5.14.
Subsidiaries
54
    
 
 
   Section 5.15.
Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act
54
    
 
 
   Section 5.16.
Disclosure
55
    
 
 
   Section 5.17.
[Reserved]
55
    
 
 
   Section 5.18.
Intellectual Property; Licenses. etc.
55
    
 
 
   Section 5.19.
Insurance
55
    
 
 
   Section 5.20.
Compliance with Laws
55
    
 
 
   Section 5.21.
Use of Proceeds
56
    
 
 
   Section 5.22.
USA PATRIOT Act
56
    
 
 
   Section 5.23.
Anti-Terrorism
56
    
 
 
   Section 5.24.
Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions
56
 
 
 
ARTICLE VI
Affirmative Covenants
57
 
ii
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
   Section 6.01.
Financial Statements
57
    
 
 
   Section 6.02.
Certificates; Other Information
58
    
 
 
   Section 6.03.
Notices
60
    
 
 
   Section 6.04.
Payment of Obligations
61
    
 
 
   Section 6.05.
Preservation of Existence, etc.
61
    
 
 
   Section 6.06.
Maintenance of Properties
62
    
 
 
   Section 6.07.
Maintenance of Insurance
62
    
 
 
   Section 6.08.
Compliance with Laws and Organization Documents
62
    
 
 
   Section 6.09.
Books and Records
63
    
 
 
   Section 6.10.
Inspection Rights
63
    
 
 
   Section 6.11.
Covenant to Guarantee Obligations
63
    
 
 
   Section 6.12.
Compliance with Environmental Laws
64
    
 
 
   Section 6.13.
[Reserved]
64
    
 
 
   Section 6.14.
[Reserved]
64
    
 
 
   Section 6.15.
Employee Plans
64
    
 
 
   Section 6.16.
Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions
64
    
 
 
   Section 6.17.
Post-Closing Actions
64
    
 
 
   Section 6.18.
Lender Meetings
64
    
 
 
   Section 6.19.
Senior Credit Enhancement
64
    
 
 
   Section 6.20.
SBA Information
65
 
 
 
ARTICLE VII
Negative Covenants
65
 
 
 
   Section 7.01.
Liens
65
    
 
 
   Section 7.02.
Investments
67
    
 
 
   Section 7.03.
Indebtedness
69
    
 
 
   Section 7.04.
Fundamental Changes
71
    
 
 
   Section 7.05.
Dispositions
71
    
 
 
   Section 7.06.
Restricted Payments
72
    
 
 
   Section 7.07.
Change in Nature of Business
73
    
 
 
   Section 7.08.
Transactions with Affiliates
73
    
 
 
   Section 7.09.
Burdensome Agreements
74
    
 
 
   Section 7.10.
Use of Proceeds
75
    
 
 
   Section 7.11.
Accounting Changes
75
    
 
 
   Section 7.12.
Organization Documents
75
 
iii
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
   Section 7.13.
Prepayments, etc. of Indebtedness
76
    
 
 
   Section 7.14.
Financial Covenants
77
    
 
 
   Section 7.15.
Anti-Terrorism Laws
77
    
 
 
   Section 7.16.
Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions
77
 
 
 
ARTICLE VIII
Events of Default and Remedies
78
 
 
 
   Section 8.01.
Events of Default
78
    
 
 
   Section 8.02.
Remedies upon Event of Default
80
    
 
 
   Section 8.03.
Application of Funds
80
    
 
 
   Section 8.04.
Equity Cure
81
 
 
 
ARTICLE IX
Administrative Agent and Other Agents
82
 
 
 
   Section 9.01.
Appointment and Authority of the Administrative Agent
82
    
 
 
   Section 9.02.
Rights as a Lender
82
    
 
 
   Section 9.03.
Exculpatory Provisions
82
    
 
 
   Section 9.04.
Reliance by the Administrative Agent
83
    
 
 
   Section 9.05.
Delegation of Duties
84
    
 
 
   Section 9.06.
Non-Reliance of Administrative Agent and Other Lenders; Disclosure of 
Information by Agents
84
    
 
 
   Section 9.07.
Indemnification of Agents
85
    
 
 
   Section 9.08.
No Other Duties; Other Agents; Manners, etc.
85
    
 
 
   Section 9.09.
Resignation of Administrative Agent
85
    
 
 
   Section 9.10.
Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim
86
    
 
 
   Section 9.11.
Guaranty Matters
87
    
 
 
   Section 9.12.
Appointment of Supplemental Administrative Agents
87
    
 
 
   Section 9.13.
Senior Subordination Agreement
88
 
 
 
ARTICLE X
Miscellaneous
89
 
 
 
   Section 10.01.
Amendments, etc.
89
    
 
 
   Section 10.02.
Notices and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies
90
    
 
 
   Section 10.03.
No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies
92
    
 
 
   Section 10.04.
Attorney Costs and Expenses
92
    
 
 
   Section 10.05.
Indemnification by the Borrowers
93
    
 
 
   Section 10.06.
Marshaling; Payments Set Aside
94
    
 
 
   Section 10.07.
Successors and Assigns
94
    
 
 
   Section 10.08.
Confidentiality
98
 
iv
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
   Section 10.09.
Setoff
99
    
 
 
   Section 10.10.
Interest Rate Limitation
99
    
 
 
   Section 10.11.
Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness
99
    
 
 
   Section 10.12.
Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents
99
    
 
 
   Section 10.13.
Survival of Representations and Warranties
100
    
 
 
   Section 10.14.
Severability
100
    
 
 
   Section 10.15.
GOVERNING LAW
100
    
 
 
   Section 10.16.
WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
101
    
 
 
   Section 10.17.
Termination
101
    
 
 
   Section 10.18.
Lender Action
101
    
 
 
   Section 10.19.
Use of Name, Logo, etc.
102
    
 
 
   Section 10.20.
USA PATRIOT Act Notice
102
    
 
 
   Section 10.21.
Service of Process
102
    
 
 
   Section 10.22.
No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
102
 
v
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULES
 
2.01
Commitments
5.05(a)
Material Contracts
5.13(a)
ERISA Compliance
5.14
Subsidiaries and Other Equity Investments
5.20(a)
Compliance With Laws
6.17
Post-Closing Actions
7.01(b)
Existing Liens
7.02
Existing Investments
7.03
Existing Indebtedness
7.09
Existing Restrictions
10.02
Administrative Agent’s Office, Certain Addresses for Notices
 
EXHIBITS
 
Form of:
 
A
Note
B
Compliance Certificate
C
Assignment and Assumption
D
Guarantee Agreement
E
Non-Bank Certificate
F
Intercompany Subordination Agreement
G
Solvency Certificate
 
vi
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
This CREDIT AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into as of November 10, 2014 
among ARC GROUP WORLDWIDE, INC., a Utah corporation (the “Parent”), 
ADVANCED FORMING TECHNOLOGY, INC., a Colorado corporation (“AFT”), ARC 
WIRELESS, INC., a Delaware corporation (“Wireless”), FLOMET LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company (“Flomet”), GENERAL FLANGE & FORGE LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (“General Flange”), TEKNA SEAL LLC, a 
Florida limited liability company (“Tekna Seal”), 3D MATERIAL TECHNOLOGIES, 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“3D Material”), QUADRANT METALS 
TECHNOLOGIES LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Quadrant” and 
together with AFT, Wireless, Flomet, General Flange, Tekna Seal and 3D 
Material, each a “Borrower” and, collectively the “Borrowers”), McLarty 
Capital Partners SBIC, L.P., a Colorado limited partnership, as 
administrative agent (in such capacity, including any successor thereto, 
the “Administrative Agent”) under the Loan Documents, and each lender from 
time to time party hereto (collectively, the “Lenders” and individually, a 
“Lender”).
 
WITNESSETH:
 
WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested that the Lenders extend credit to the 
Borrowers in the form of a Term Loan on the Closing Date in the principal 
amount of $20,000,000.
 
WHEREAS, the proceeds of the Term Loan, will be used (i) on the Closing 
Date to finance the repayment of a portion of the amounts outstanding under 
the Senior Credit Agreement and pay a portion of the Transaction expenses, 
and (ii) thereafter, for working capital and general corporate purposes of 
the Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries from time to time permitted 
under this Agreement (including Permitted Acquisitions), in each case, as 
more fully described in Section 5.21.
 
WHEREAS, each Lender is willing to agree (severally and not jointly) to 
make the Term Loan and provide financial accommodations to the Borrowers on 
the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements 
provided herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
 
Definitions and Accounting Terms
 
Section 1.01.  Defined Terms.  As used in this Agreement, the following 
terms shall have the meanings set forth below:
 
“3D Material” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to 
this Agreement.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Acquisition Consideration” means the purchase consideration for any 
Permitted Acquisition and all other payments by the Parent or any of its 
Subsidiaries in exchange for, or as part of any Permitted Acquisition, 
whether paid in cash or by exchange of Equity Interests or of properties or 
otherwise (including by incurrence of Indebtedness, whether or not in favor 
of any seller or affiliate of any seller) and whether payable at or prior 
to the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or deferred for payment 
at any future time, whether or not any such future payment is subject to 
the occurrence of any contingency, and includes any and all payments 
representing the purchase price and any assumptions of Indebtedness, 
“earn-outs” and other agreements to make any payment, whether or not the 
amount thereof is, or the terms of payment of which are, in any respect 
subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits 
(or the like) of any person or business, but excluding transaction-related 
fees and expenses; and any such future payment shall be considered 
Acquisition Consideration at 100% of the maximum amount thereof if such 
amount is not contingent, or, if such amount is contingent, the amount 
reasonably estimated in good faith by the Parent on the basis of 
assumptions and calculations provided in writing to the Administrative 
Agent.  Such assumptions shall include reasonable projections of any 
measure of financial or other performance that enters into the calculation 
of the amount of any such payment or other consideration but shall not 
include any assumption that any other future event that is a condition to 
such payment or consideration (such as the later disposition of the 
acquired business or a public or private offering of securities) will not 
occur.  Any such amounts payable after the 12-month period following the 
closing of the acquisition shall be calculated on a net present value basis 
discounted at the then current U.S. Treasury rate with a maturity 
substantially the same as the final payment date thereunder.
 
“Additional Tranche(s)” means an additional advance of Term Loan Commitment 
in an amount not to exceed the principal amount of the Term Loan which has 
been repaid as of the date of such Additional Tranche.
 
“Administrative Agent” has the meaning specified in the introductory 
paragraph to this Agreement.
 
“Administrative Agent’s Office” means the Administrative Agent’s address 
and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02, or such other 
address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify 
the Parent and the Lenders.
 
“Administrative Questionnaire” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a 
form supplied by the Administrative Agent.
 
“Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, another Person that 
directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is 
Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.  
“Control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to 
direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, 
whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or 
otherwise.  “Controlling” and “Controlled” have meanings correlative 
thereto.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Agent or the Lenders or their 
respective lending affiliates shall not be deemed to be an Affiliate of the 
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries solely by reason of their being party to 
the Loan Documents.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“AFT” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this 
Agreement.
 
“Agent Parties” has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(d).
 
“Agent-Related Persons” means the Agents, together with their respective 
Affiliates, and the officers, directors, employees, agents, 
attorney-in-fact, partners, trustees and advisors of such Persons and of 
such Persons’ Affiliates.
 
“Agents” means the Administrative Agent.
 
“Aggregate Commitments” means the Commitments of all the Lenders.
 
“Agreement” means this Credit Agreement.
 
“AMS” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this 
Agreement.
 
“Annual Financial Statements” means the audited consolidated balance sheet 
of the Parent as of June 30, 2013, and the related consolidated statements 
of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for the 
Parent for the fiscal year then ended.
 
“Anti-Corruption Laws” shall mean all laws, rules, and regulations of any 
jurisdiction applicable to the Parent or its Subsidiaries from time to time 
concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.
 
“Applicable Indebtedness” has the meaning specified in the definition of 
“Weighted Average Life to Maturity”.
 
“Applicable Rate” means 11% per annum.
 
“Approved Fund” means, with respect to any Lender, any Fund that is 
administered, advised or managed by (a) such Lender, (b) an Affiliate of 
such Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers, 
advises or manages such Lender.
 
“Asset Sale” means any direct or indirect sale, issuance, conveyance, 
transfer, lease (other than operating leases entered into in the ordinary 
course of business), assignment or other transfer (other than the 
incurrence of a Permitted Lien) for value, whether in a single transaction 
or a series of related transactions, by the Parent or any of its 
Subsidiaries to any Person of any part of the Collateral other than (i) the 
sale and replacement of equipment and fixtures which are a part of the 
Collateral in the ordinary course of business and (ii) the sale or 
disposition of worn-out, permanently retired, obsolete assets or assets no 
longer used or useful in the business of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, 
provided that not more than $1,000,000 of Net Cash Proceeds shall be 
excluded from the Borrowers’ prepayment obligations under Section 
2.03(b)(iii) in reliance on the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) during the 
term of this Agreement.
 
“Assignee Group” means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates 
of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment 
advisor.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Assignment and Assumption” means an Assignment and Assumption 
substantially in the form of Exhibit C or any other form approved by the 
Administrative Agent.
 
“ATC” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this 
Agreement.
 
“Attorney Costs” means all reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of 
any law firm or other external legal counsel.
 
“Attributable Indebtedness” means, on any date, in respect of any 
Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would 
appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in 
accordance with GAAP (but without giving effect to any amendments to ASC 
840 that become effective after the Closing Date).
 
“Blocked Person” has the meaning specified in Section 7.15.
 
“Borrower” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this 
Agreement.
 
“Borrower Materials” has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.
 
“Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on 
which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in 
fact lawfully closed in, the jurisdiction where the Administrative Agent’s 
Office is located.
 
“Capital Expenditures” means, for any period, the aggregate of all 
expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including 
in all events all amounts expended or capitalized under Capitalized Leases) 
by the Parent and its Subsidiaries during such period that, in conformity 
with GAAP (but without giving effect to any amendments to ASC 840 that 
become effective after the Closing Date), are or are required to be 
recorded as capital expenditures on the consolidated statement of cash 
flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries.
 
“Capitalized Lease Obligation” means, at the time any determination thereof 
is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a Capitalized 
Lease that would at such time be required to be capitalized and reflected 
as a liability on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP (but 
without giving effect to any amendments to ASC 840 that become effective 
after the Closing Date).
 
“Capitalized Leases” means all leases that have been or are required to be, 
in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capitalized leases; provided that for 
all purposes hereunder (except as otherwise expressly provided), the amount 
of obligations under any Capitalized Lease shall be the amount thereof 
accounted for as a liability in accordance with GAAP (but without giving 
effect to any amendments to ASC 840 that become effective after the Closing 
Date).
 
“Cash Equivalents” means:
 
(a)           Dollars
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)           securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured 
by the United States Government or any agency or instrumentality thereof 
having maturities of not more than twelve (12) months from the date of 
acquisition,
 
(c)           certificates of deposit with maturities of twelve (12) months 
or less from the date of acquisition, bankers’ acceptances with maturities 
not exceeding twelve (12) months and overnight bank deposits, in each case, 
with any bank or financial institution having capital and surplus in excess 
of $250,000,000,
 
(d)           repurchase obligations with a term of not more than thirty 
(30) days for underlying securities of the types described in clause (b) 
above entered into with any bank or financial institution meeting the 
qualifications specified in clause (c) above,
 
(e)           commercial paper issued by any Lender or the parent 
corporation of any Lender, and commercial paper of any corporation 
incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any state 
thereof and not an Affiliate of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries 
carrying a rating of at least A-1 or the equivalent thereof by S&P or at 
least P-1 or the equivalent thereof by Moody’s, and in each case maturing 
within three hundred sixty-four (364) days after the date of acquisition, 
and
 
(f)            money market funds rated in the highest rating category by 
either Moody’s or S&P.
 
“Casualty Event” means any event that gives rise to the receipt by the 
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries of any insurance proceeds or condemnation 
awards in respect of any Collateral (including any improvements thereon) to 
replace or repair any such Collateral.
 
“CERCLA” has the meaning specified in Section 5.09(d).
 
“CERCLIS” has the meaning specified in Section 5.09(d).
 
“CFC” means a “controlled foreign corporation” within the meaning of 
Section 957 of the Code.
 
“Change in Law” means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of 
any of the following:  (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, 
regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty 
or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any 
Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, 
guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any 
Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to 
the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection 
Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued 
in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or 
directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or 
the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant 
to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a “Change in Law”, 
regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued.
 
“Change of Control” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events:
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(a)           the Parent consolidates with, or merges with or into, any 
Person, or any Person consolidates with, or merges with or into the Parent;
 
(b)           the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the 
Parent;
 
(c)           the failure of the Permitted Holders to continue to own, 
directly or indirectly, more than 35% of the aggregate ordinary voting 
power and economic interests represented by the Equity Interests of the 
Parent on a fully-diluted basis;
 
(d)           any “person” or “group” (as such terms are used in Sections 
13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any 
employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or 
entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or 
administrator of any such plan) other than the Existing Equityholders 
becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a person or group shall be 
deemed to have “beneficial ownership” of all securities that such person or 
group has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable 
immediately or only after the passage of time (such right, an “option 
right”)), directly or indirectly, of 20% or more of the Equity Interests of 
any class of the Parent (and taking into account all such Equity Interests 
that such person or group has the right to acquire);
 
(e)           any event, transaction or occurrence as a result of which the 
Permitted Holders do not have the right to elect managers or directors 
holding a majority (or such greater percentage as may be necessary to make 
all decisions delegated to the managers or directors under the Organization 
Documents of the Parent) of the voting power of the board of directors or 
board of managers of the Parent, and otherwise have the right to control 
(directly or through such managers) the Parent;
 
(f)            the failure of the Parent to own, beneficially and of record 
100% of the outstanding Equity Interests of each Borrower (except for the 
Existing Minority Interests), or the failure of the Parent to own directly 
or indirectly, beneficially and of record, 100% of the Equity Interests of 
each of its Subsidiaries other than as a result of a consolidation, merger 
or Disposition permitted hereunder; or
 
(g)           a “change of control” or comparable term shall occur under, 
and as defined in, any Material Indebtedness of any Loan Party or any 
Subsidiary thereof.
 
“Closing Date” means the first date on which all the conditions precedent 
in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.01.
 
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
 
“Collateral” has the meaning specified in the Senior Credit Agreement.
 
“Commitment” means, as to each Lender, such Lender’s Term Loan Commitment.
 
“Commodity Exchange Act” means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. § 1 et 
seq.), and any successor statute.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Compliance Certificate” means a certificate substantially in the form of 
Exhibit B and which certificate shall in any event be a certificate of a 
Responsible Officer (a) certifying as to the financial statements delivered 
therewith, (b) certifying as to whether a Default or Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing or had occurred at any time during the period 
covered by such certificate, and, if applicable, specifying the details 
thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, 
and (c) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations of (i) the Fixed 
Charge Coverage Ratio and (ii) the Total Leverage Ratio as of the end of 
the most recent Test Period then ended.
 
“Consolidated EBITDA” means, with respect to any Person for any fiscal 
period, an amount equal to the sum of (without duplication):
 
(a)           Consolidated Net Income of such Person during such period; 
and
 
(b)           to the extent Consolidated Net Income has been reduced 
thereby:
 
    (i)            all income taxes of such Person and its Subsidiaries
    paid or accrued in accordance with GAAP for such period;
     
    (ii)           Interest Expense of such Person and its Subsidiaries for
    such period;
     
    (iii)          the amount of depreciation and amortization charges of
    such Person and its Subsidiaries for such period;
     
    (iv)          reasonable transaction expenses and other costs, fees and
    charges relating to the Transaction, the transactions contemplated by
    the Senior Documents and Permitted Acquisitions, permitted Investments,
    permitted issuances of Equity Interests, permitted Asset Sales and
    Dispositions, and permitted issuances of Indebtedness, in each case by
    the Parent and its Subsidiaries, provided that the aggregate amount
    added back to Consolidated Net Income in reliance on this clause (iv)
    shall not exceed, other than with respect to the Transaction, $750,000
    in any Test Period;
     
    (v)           reasonable transaction expenses and other costs, fees and
    charges, in each case, accruing on or after the Closing Date and
    relating to proposed acquisitions that are pursued but not consummated
    in an aggregate amount not to exceed $750,000 in any Test Period;
     
    (vi)          all non-cash adjustments to the valuation of earn-out
    payments or other consideration relating to permitted Investments;
     
    (vii)         non-recurring or extraordinary charges or expenses
    incurred during such period, provided that the aggregate amounts added
    back pursuant to this clause (vii) shall not exceed $750,000 over the
    term of this Agreement;
     
    (viii)        restructuring and severance expenses accruing on or after
    the Closing Date in an amount not to exceed $750,000 in any Test
    Period, provided that the aggregate amounts added back pursuant to this
    subsection (viii) shall not exceed $2,000,000 over the term of this
    Agreement; and
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (ix)          management fees incurred and paid on or before December
    31, 2013 in an aggregate amount not to exceed $800,000.
     
(c)           less, all non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income 
(excluding any such item that is non-cash during such period but the 
subject of a cash payment in a prior or future period); and
 
(d)           less, all non-recurring or extraordinary income or gains 
during such period (including, without limitation, as a result of the 
acquisition of Indebtedness at a discount);
 
all as determined on a consolidated basis for such Person and its 
consolidated Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.  For the purposes of 
calculating Consolidated EBITDA for any period in connection with any 
determination of the Total Leverage Ratio or Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, 
(i) if at any time during such period the Parent or any Subsidiary shall 
have made any Specified Disposition, the Consolidated EBITDA for such 
period shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if 
positive) attributable to the property that is the subject of such 
Specified Disposition for such period or increased by an amount equal to 
the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto for such period 
and (ii) if during such period a Borrower or any Subsidiary shall have made 
a Specified Acquisition, Consolidated EBITDA for the portion of such period 
prior to the date of such Specified Acquisition shall be calculated after 
giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis as if such Specified Acquisition 
occurred on the first day of such period.  As used in this definition, 
“Specified Acquisition” means any acquisition of property or series of 
related acquisitions of property that constitutes assets comprising all or 
substantially all of an operating unit of a business or constitutes all or 
substantially all of the common stock of a Person; and “Specified 
Disposition” means any Disposition of property or series of related 
Dispositions of property that constitutes a division or operating unit of a 
business or a line of business or a Disposition of all or substantially all 
of the stock or assets of a Person, in each case for aggregate Acquisition 
Consideration of $1,000,000 or more.  In addition, in calculating 
Consolidated EBITDA for any Test Period that includes the fiscal quarter in 
which the Kecy Acquisition is consummated, Consolidated EBITDA shall be 
calculated on a pro forma basis to reflect cost savings, not to exceed 
$1,202,000 in the aggregate, relating to payments to Raymond Cox and David 
Zerbey prior to the Kecy Acquisition (but without duplication of any item 
set forth in clauses (b)(i) through (b)(ix) of such definition, and only to 
the extent the items reflected in such cost savings had been included in 
the calculation of Consolidated Net Income for such Test Period).
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as the Parent does not restate or 
revise its financial statements covering any fiscal quarter ending on a 
date set forth in the table below, Consolidated EBITDA for each applicable 
fiscal quarter ending on a date as set forth in the table below shall be 
deemed to be as follows:
 
Quarter Ended
 
Consolidated EBITDA
 
  
 
 
 
 December 31, 2013
 
$
6,835,355
 
 March 31, 2014
 
$
6,258,818
 
 June 30, 2014
 
$
3,512,188
 
 September 30, 2014
 
$
4,023,783
 
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Consolidated Net Income” means, with respect to any Person, for any 
period, the aggregate net income (or loss) of such Person and its 
Subsidiaries for such period on a consolidated basis, determined in 
accordance with GAAP; provided, however, that there shall be excluded 
therefrom:
 
(a)           after-tax gains and losses from asset sales not prohibited by 
this Agreement or abandonments or reserves relating thereto;
 
(b)           after-tax items classified as extraordinary gains or losses;
 
(c)           the net income (but not loss) of any Subsidiary of such 
Person to the extent that the declaration of dividends or similar 
distributions by that Subsidiary of that income is restricted by a 
contract, operation of law or otherwise;
 
(d)           the net income of any other Person, except to the extent of 
cash dividends or distributions paid to such Person with respect to whom 
the Consolidated Net Income calculation is being determined or to a 
wholly-owned Subsidiary of such Person by such Person;
 
(e)           income or loss attributable to discontinued operations 
(including, without limitation, operations disposed of during such period 
whether or not such operations were classified as discontinued) will be 
excluded;
 
(f)            all gains and losses realized on or because of the purchase 
or other acquisition by such Person or any of its Subsidiaries of any 
securities of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries will be excluded;
 
(g)           non-cash charges resulting from the impairment of intangible 
assets; and
 
(h)           in the case of a successor to such Person by consolidation or 
merger or as a transferee of such Person’s assets, any earnings of the 
successor corporation prior to such consolidation, merger or transfer of 
assets (except to the extent otherwise set forth in the definition of 
Consolidated EBITDA);
 
provided, however that the items described in subsections (a), (b), (e), 
(f) and (g) above will not increase Consolidated Net Income by more than 
$2,000,000 for any period of four (4) fiscal quarters.
 
“Contractual Obligation” means, as to any Person, any provision of any 
security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other 
undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its 
property is bound.
 
“Control” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Affiliate”.
 
“Controlled Investment Affiliates” shall mean, with respect to Everest, any 
other Person that (i) is organized primarily for the purpose of making 
equity investments in more than one Person and (ii) is directly or 
indirectly Controlled by, or under common Control with
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Everest, provided that “Controlled Investment Affiliates” shall exclude any 
portfolio company of Everest.
 
“Cure Amount” has the meaning specified in Section 8.04.
 
“Cure Right” has the meaning specified in Section 8.04.
 
“Debtor Relief Laws” means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and 
all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the 
benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, 
reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other 
applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect.
 
“Default” means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default 
or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would 
be an Event of Default.
 
“Default Rate” means an interest rate equal to the Applicable Rate plus 
2.0% per annum.
 
“Disposition” or “Dispose” means the sale, transfer, license, lease or 
other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any 
sale or issuance of Equity Interests in a Subsidiary) of any property by 
any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, 
with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights 
and claims associated therewith.
 
“Disqualified Equity Interests” means any Equity Interest that, by its 
terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which 
it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening 
of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other 
than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund 
obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset 
sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a 
change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior 
repayment in full of the Term Loan and all other Obligations that are 
accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments), (b) is 
redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for 
Qualified Equity Interests), in whole or in part, (c) provides for the 
scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) is or becomes convertible 
into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that 
would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, prior to the 
date that is one year after the Latest Maturity Date of the Term Loan at 
the time of issuance; provided that if such Equity Interests are issued 
pursuant to a plan for the benefit of employees of the Parent or its 
Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees or otherwise, such 
Equity Interests shall not constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely 
because they may be required to be repurchased by the Parent or its 
Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory 
obligations.
 
“Dollar” and “$” mean lawful money of the United States.
 
“Domestic Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary that is organized under the Laws 
of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia and any 
other Subsidiary that is not a CFC.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
“Eligible Assignee” means any Person that meets the requirements to be an 
assignee under Section 10.07(b)(iii) and (v) (subject to such consents, if 
any, as may be required under Section 10.07(b)(iii)).
 
“Environmental Claim” means any and all administrative, regulatory or 
judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of 
noncompliance or violation, investigations or proceedings with respect to 
any Environmental Liability (hereinafter “Claims”), including (i) any and 
all Claims by Governmental Authorities for enforcement, cleanup, removal, 
response, remedial or other actions or damages pursuant to any 
Environmental Law and (ii) any and all Claims by any third party seeking 
damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, penalties, 
compensation or injunctive relief pursuant to any Environmental Law.
 
“Environmental Laws” means any and all Laws relating to the protection of 
the environment or, to the extent relating to exposure to Hazardous 
Materials, human health.
 
“Environmental Liability” means any liability, contingent or otherwise 
(including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, 
fines, penalties or indemnities) of any Loan Party or any of its 
Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) 
violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, 
transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, 
(c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened 
release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment, or (e) any 
contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which 
liability is assumed by or imposed on any Loan Party or any of its 
Subsidiaries with respect to any of the foregoing.
 
“Environmental Permit” means any permit, approval, identification number, 
license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law.
 
“Equity Interests” means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares, 
interests, rights, participations or other equivalents (however designated) 
of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests or units in) 
such Person and all of the warrants, options or other rights for the 
purchase, acquisition or exchange from such Person of any of the foregoing 
(including through convertible securities).
 
“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.
 
“ERISA Affiliate” means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) 
that together with any Loan Party is treated as a single employer within 
the meaning of Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA.  Any 
former ERISA Affiliate of a Loan Party shall continue to be considered an 
ERISA Affiliate of such Loan Party with respect to the period such entity 
was an ERISA Affiliate of such Loan Party and with respect to liabilities 
arising during such period and with respect to which such former ERISA 
Affiliate could reasonably be expected to be liable under the Code or 
ERISA, but in no event for more than six years after such period if no such 
liability has been asserted against the former ERISA Affiliate or any Loan 
Party; provided, however, that if liability is asserted against such ERISA 
Affiliate prior to the
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
expiration of the six-year period, the former ERISA Affiliate shall 
continue to be an ERISA Affiliate of a Loan Party(ies) after the expiration 
of the six-year period.
 
“ERISA Event” means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; 
(b) a withdrawal by any Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA 
Affiliates from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a 
plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 
4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as a 
termination under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial 
withdrawal by any Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates 
from a Multiemployer Plan, written notification of any Loan Party or any of 
their respective ERISA Affiliates concerning the imposition of withdrawal 
liability or written notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent or 
is in reorganization within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; (d) the 
filing under Section, 4041(c) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate a 
Pension Plan, the treatment of a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan 
amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the 
commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or 
Multiemployer Plan; (e) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of 
ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, other than 
for the payment of PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 
of ERISA, upon any Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, 
(f) the application for a minimum funding waiver under Section 302(c) of 
ERISA with respect to a Pension Plan, (g) the imposition of a lien under 
Section 303(k) of ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan or (h) the failure 
to make by its due date a required contribution under Section 412(m) of the 
Code (or Section 430(j) of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan or the 
failure to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (i) the 
assertion of a claim (other than routine claims for benefits) against any 
Plan, or the assets thereof, or against any Loan Party or any of its ERISA 
Affiliates in connection with any such Plan that, if adversely determined, 
could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or (j) 
the occurrence of a non-exempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning 
of Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) which could reasonably 
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
“Event of Default” has the meaning specified in Section 8.01.
 
“Everest” means Everest Hill Group Inc., a British Virgin Islands 
corporation.
 
“Excess Cash Flow” means, for any period, an amount equal to (i) 
Consolidated EBITDA of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such period, 
minus (ii) the sum for such period of (A) regularly scheduled principal 
payments on Indebtedness to the extent paid in cash, (B) the Interest 
Expense of the Parent and its Subsidiaries to the extent paid in cash, (C) 
unfinanced Capital Expenditures, (D) Restricted Payments permitted under 
Section 7.06 and paid in cash (to the extent not financed with the proceeds 
of issuances of Equity Interests or Indebtedness), (E) the purchase price 
paid in cash for a target in a Permitted Acquisition as set forth in the 
acquisition documents related thereto (to the extent not financed with the 
proceeds of issuances of Equity Interests or Indebtedness), (F) payments 
of, or in respect of, Taxes (to the extent paid in cash during such 
period), by the Parent and its Subsidiaries, and (G) all other charges, 
losses, expenses and other items added back to Consolidated Net Income in 
the determination of Consolidated EBITDA of the Parent and its Subsidiaries 
for each period, in each case to the extent paid in cash during such 
period, to the extent expressly permitted to be paid pursuant to
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the terms of this Agreement, in each case, to the extent not financed with 
the proceeds of issuances of Equity Interests or Indebtedness).
 
“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
 
“Excluded Contribution” means (a) the Net Cash Proceeds from any issuance 
of Equity Interests by the Parent to the Permitted Holders and their 
Related Parties, (b) any other issuance of Equity Interests by the Parent 
to the extent that not later than 90 days after any such issuance, such Net 
Cash Proceeds are applied (i) to finance a Permitted Acquisition or other 
Investments permitted hereunder or (ii) to finance Consolidated Capital 
Expenditures, (c) Equity Interests issued to the Parent, any Borrower, any 
Guarantor or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party, (d) Equity Interests issued to 
management, employees or directors in connection with equity incentive and 
similar programs and (e) Equity Interests issued in connection with the 
exercise of pre-emptive rights.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) no Net 
Cash Proceeds constitution a Cure Amount shall be Excluded Contributions 
and (ii) the contributions described in clauses (a) and (b) above shall not 
constitute Excluded Contributions, unless, both before and after giving 
effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis, the Senior Leverage Ratio is less than 
2.25 to 1.00.
 
“Excluded Hedging Obligation” means with respect to any Guarantor, any 
Guaranty Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of 
the guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a 
security interest to secure, such Guaranty Swap Obligation (or any 
guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal or unlawful under the Commodity 
Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any 
thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor’s failure for any reason not to 
constitute an “eligible contract participant” as defined in the Commodity 
Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the guarantee of 
such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest would otherwise have 
become effective with respect to such Guaranty Swap Obligation but for such 
Guarantor’s failure to constitute an “eligible contract participant” at 
such time.  If a Guaranty Swap Obligation arises under a Master Agreement 
governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the 
portion of such Guaranty Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for 
which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal or 
unlawful.
 
“Excluded Taxes” means, in the case of each Agent and each Lender, (a) 
taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated, and 
including branch profits and similar taxes, and franchise or similar taxes, 
(i) imposed by the jurisdiction under the laws of which it is organized or 
in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in 
which its applicable lending office is located, or (ii) imposed by reason 
of any connection between such Agent or Lender and any taxing jurisdiction 
(other than connections arising solely from such Agent or Lender having 
executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, 
received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, 
engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, 
or sold or assigned an interest in the Term Loan or any Loan Document), (b) 
in the case of a Lender, any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed on 
amounts payable hereunder in respect of any Lender (including any Eligible 
Assignee (pursuant to an assignment under Section 10.07) unless such 
assignment is at the written request of the Parent) pursuant to a law in 
effect on the date on which it becomes a Lender except, in the case of an 
Eligible Assignee who becomes a Lender, to the extent such tax
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
is not in excess of the tax that would have been applicable had the 
assigning Lender not assigned its interest arising under any Loan Document, 
(c) any U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed as a result of the failure 
of any Agent or Lender to comply with the provisions of Sections 3.01(b) 
and 3.01(c) (in the case of any Foreign Lender, as defined below) or the 
provisions of Section 3.01(d) (in the case of any U.S. Lender, as defined 
below), and (d) any U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed on any amount 
payable to or for the account of any Agent or Lender as a result of the 
failure of such recipient to satisfy the applicable requirements under 
FATCA to establish that such payment is exempt from withholding under 
FATCA.
 
“Existing Minority Interests” means (a) the Equity Interests of Tekna Seal 
that, as of the date hereof, are not owned by the Parent or one of its 
Subsidiaries and constituting no more than 6.22% of all of the outstanding 
Equity Interests of Tekna Seal on a fully diluted basis and (b) the Equity 
Interests of Flomet that, as of the date hereof, are not owned by the 
Parent or one of its Subsidiaries and constituting no more than 3.78% of 
all of the outstanding Equity Interests of Tekna Seal on a fully diluted 
basis.
 
“FATCA” means the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, as codified in 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Closing Date (or any 
amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not 
materially more onerous to comply with), and any current or future 
regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered 
into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code.
 
“Federal Funds Rate” means, for any day, the weighted average (rounded 
upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the rates on overnight 
Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System 
arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding 
Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is 
not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded 
upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the quotations for such 
day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three 
Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.
 
“Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio” means, for any period, the ratio of (a) 
Consolidated EBITDA minus the unfinanced portion of Capital Expenditures 
minus expense for taxes paid in cash to (b) Fixed Charges, all calculated 
for the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance 
with GAAP.
 
“Fixed Charges” means, for any period, without duplication, Interest 
Expense (excluding (i) interest paid in kind, (ii) expense reimbursements 
paid in connection with this Agreement or the Senior Documents and (iii) 
upfront fees paid in connection with Swap Contracts), plus scheduled 
principal payments on Indebtedness (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any mandatory prepayments, whether under this Agreement, the Senior 
Documents or otherwise), plus Restricted Payments paid in cash, plus 
Capital Lease Obligation payments, all calculated for the Parent and its 
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided 
that in calculating Fixed Charges for the Test Period ending on December 
31, 2014, Fixed Charges shall be deemed to be Fixed Charges for the three 
fiscal quarters then ended times 4/3.
 
“Flomet” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this 
Agreement.
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Foreign Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(b).
 
“Foreign Subsidiary” means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Parent 
that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.
 
“Foreign Subsidiary Holdco” means any Subsidiary formed solely for the 
purposes of holding and substantially all assets of which consist of Equity 
Interests in one or more CFCs or other Foreign Subsidiary Holdcos, and 
which have no consensual liabilities other than to a Borrower and its 
wholly-owned Subsidiaries under its Organization Documents.
 
“FRB” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the 
United States.
 
“Fund” means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in 
making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and 
similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course.
 
“Funded Indebtedness” means as of the date of determination, on a 
consolidated basis, the sum of the following, without duplication:  (a) the 
outstanding principal amount of all Indebtedness which is classified as 
“long-term debt” on the consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its 
Subsidiaries prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP and any 
current maturities and other principal amount in respect of such 
Indebtedness due within one year; (b) the outstanding principal amount of 
Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Parent and its Subsidiaries 
outstanding under a revolving credit, term or similar agreement (and 
renewals and extensions of any thereof); (c) the borrowing of money or the 
obtaining of credit (other than trade or other payables and accrued 
expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business and not more than 90 
days past due), including the issuance of notes or bonds (but excluding 
surety, performance or bid bonds); (d) the deferred purchase price of 
assets (other than trade or other payables and accrued expenses incurred in 
the ordinary course of business), (e) with respect to any Synthetic Lease 
Obligations or any Capitalized Lease Obligations, the outstanding principal 
amount of Indebtedness in respect of such Synthetic Lease Obligations or 
Capitalized Lease Obligations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries; plus (f) 
Indebtedness of the type referred to in clauses (a) through (e) above of 
another Person guaranteed by, or secured by a Lien on assets of, a Borrower 
or any of its Subsidiaries.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Funded 
Indebtedness shall exclude any “earn-out” or similar obligation described 
in clause (d) above, or described in clause (f) above and relating to an 
obligation described in clause (d) above including the Specified Earn-Out 
Obligations, if such obligations are not due and payable but unpaid.
 
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles as from time to time 
in effect, including the statements and interpretations of the United 
States Financial Accounting Standards Board; provided, however, that for 
purposes of compliance with this Agreement and calculations hereunder (but 
not for purposes of any financial statements delivered pursuant to the 
terms hereof), (a) “GAAP” means such principles as in effect on June 30, 
2013 as applied by the Parent and its Subsidiaries in the preparation of 
the Annual Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2013 and 
consistently followed, without giving effect to any changes to GAAP 
subsequent thereto, and (b) in the event of a change in generally accepted 
accounting principles after such date, either the Administrative Agent, the 
Parent or the Required Lenders may request
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
a change in the definition of “GAAP”, in which case the parties hereto 
shall negotiate in good faith with respect to an amendment of this 
Agreement implementing such change, provided, however, if no agreement is 
reached, then no change or amendment shall be made.
 
“General Flange” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to 
this Agreement.
 
“Governmental Approvals” means authorizations, consents, approvals, 
waivers, exemptions, variances, franchises, permissions, permits and 
licenses of, and filings and declarations with, any Governmental Authority.
 
“Governmental Authority” means the government of the United States or any 
other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or 
local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, 
central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, 
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining 
to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European 
Union or the European Central Bank).
 
“Guarantee” means, as to any Person, without duplication, (a) any 
obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having 
the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary 
obligation payable or performable by another Person (the “primary obligor
”) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any 
obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or 
advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness 
or other monetary obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, 
securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect 
of such Indebtedness or monetary other obligation of the payment or 
performance of such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, (iii) to 
maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement 
condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary 
obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or 
other monetary obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring 
in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other 
monetary obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect 
such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) 
any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other 
monetary obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness 
or monetary other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, 
contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any 
such Lien); provided that the term “Guarantee” shall not include 
endorsements for collection or deposit, in either case in the ordinary 
course of business, or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in 
effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any 
acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this Agreement (other 
than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness).  The amount of any 
Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or 
determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, 
in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or 
determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect 
thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith.  The term 
“Guarantee” as a verb has a corresponding meaning.
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Guarantee Agreement” means the that certain Guarantee Agreement executed 
by the Guarantors substantially in the form of Exhibit D, as the same may 
be supplemented by each Guarantee Supplement delivered pursuant to Section 
6.11.
 
“Guarantee Agreement Supplement” has the meaning specified in the Guarantee 
Agreement.
 
“Guarantee Requirement” means, at any time, the requirement that all 
Obligations shall have been unconditionally guaranteed by the Parent and 
each direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary (other than any Domestic 
Subsidiary that is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary 
that is a CFC), and any Subsidiary that Guarantees any Material 
Indebtedness shall be a Guarantor hereunder (each, together with the 
Parent, in each case if party to the Guarantee Agreement, a “Guarantor”).
 
“Guarantors” has the meaning specified in the definition of Guarantee 
Requirement.  For avoidance of doubt, the Borrowers may cause any Domestic 
Subsidiary (other than any Domestic Subsidiaries that are direct or 
indirect Subsidiaries of a Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC) that is not a 
Guarantor to Guarantee the Obligations by causing such Domestic Subsidiary 
to execute a joinder to this Agreement in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and any such Domestic Subsidiary 
shall be a Guarantor hereunder for all purposes.
 
“Hazardous Materials” means any gasoline or petrol (including crude oil or 
any fraction thereof) or petroleum products, polychlorinated biphenyls, 
urea-formaldehyde insulation, asbestos, pollutants, contaminants, 
radioactivity, and any other substances defined as hazardous or toxic under 
any Environmental Law, that is regulated pursuant to or is a basis for 
liability under any Environmental Law.
 
“Indebtedness” means, as to any Person at a particular time, without 
duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness 
or liabilities in accordance with GAAP:
 
(a)           all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all 
obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan 
agreements or other similar instruments;
 
(b)           the maximum amount (after giving effect to any prior drawings 
or reductions that may have been reimbursed) of all letters of credit 
(including standby and commercial), bankers’ acceptances, bank guaranties, 
surety bonds, performance bonds and similar instruments issued or created 
by or for the account of such Person;
 
(c)           net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract;
 
(d)           all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase 
price of property or services (other than (i) trade accounts and accrued 
expenses payable in the ordinary course of business, (ii) any earn-out 
obligation (other than any earn-out obligation that has become a liability 
(other than a contingent liability) on the consolidated balance sheet of 
the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries) until such obligation is not paid 
after becoming due and payable and (iii) accruals for payroll and other 
liabilities accrued in the ordinary course of business);
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(e)           all Attributable Indebtedness of such Person;
 
(f)            all obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified 
Equity Interests;
 
(g)           all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the 
foregoing; and
 
(h)           all obligations of any Person of the kind described in the 
foregoing clauses (a) through (g) secured by a Lien on property owned or 
being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under 
conditional sales or other title retention agreements and mortgage, 
industrial revenue bond, industrial development bond and similar 
financings), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by 
such Person or is limited in recourse.
 
For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the 
Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint 
venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which 
such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, except to the extent 
such Person’s liability for such Indebtedness is otherwise limited and only 
to the extent such Indebtedness would be included in the calculation of 
Funded Indebtedness.  The amount of any net obligation under any Swap 
Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value 
thereof as of such date.
 
“Indemnified Liabilities” has the meaning specified in Section 10.05.
 
“Indemnified Taxes” means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, and (b) to 
the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes.
 
“Indemnitees” has the meaning specified in Section 10.05.
 
“Information” has the meaning specified in Section 10.08.
 
“Intellectual Property” has the meaning specified in Section 5.18.
 
“Intercompany Subordination Agreement” means an agreement executed by each 
Subsidiary of the Parent, in substantially the form of Exhibit F.
 
“Interest Expense” means, with respect to any Person for any period, the 
aggregate of the interest expense of such Person and its Subsidiaries for 
such period, on a consolidated basis, as determined in accordance with 
GAAP, and including, without duplication, (a) all accretion of OID and 
amortization of premium on Indebtedness; (b) the interest component of 
Indebtedness constituting Capitalized Leases paid, accrued and/or scheduled 
to be paid or accrued during such period; (c) net cash costs under all Swap 
Contracts (including amortization of fees); (d) without duplication, any 
periodic commitment fees and other fees payable to the Administrative Agent 
or the Lenders pursuant to the Loan Documents; and (e) without duplication, 
any periodic fees paid by such Person to creditors, which fees shall be 
related to or arising out of any Indebtedness owed to creditors.
 
“Investment” means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or 
investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other 
acquisition (including without limitation by merger or otherwise) of Equity 
Interests or debt or other securities of another
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or 
assumption of Indebtedness of, or purchase or other acquisition of any 
other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, 
including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person or 
(c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of 
transactions, including without limitation by merger or otherwise) of all 
or substantially all of the property and assets or business of another 
Person or assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division 
of such Person.
 
“IRS” means Internal Revenue Service of the United States.
 
“Kecy Acquisition” means the acquisition by ARC Metal Stamping, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Parent (“AMS”), of substantially all of the assets of Kecy Corporation, a 
Michigan corporation (“Kecy”), pursuant to that certain Asset Purchase 
Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2014, by and among Kecy, AMS, Munson 
Holding, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, and, in a limited 
capacity, the Parent.
 
“Latest Maturity Date” means, at any date of determination, the latest 
scheduled maturity or expiration date applicable to the Term Loan or 
Commitment hereunder at such time, in each case as extended in accordance 
with this Agreement from time to time, disregarding the proviso to the 
definition of “Maturity Date”.
 
“Laws” means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and 
local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes 
and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities and executive 
orders, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any 
Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or 
administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed 
duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements 
with, any Governmental Authority.
 
“Lender” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this 
Agreement and their respective successors and assigns as permitted 
hereunder, each of which is referred to herein as a “Lender.”  As of the 
Closing Date, Schedule 2.01 sets forth the name of each Lender.
 
“Lending Office” means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such 
Lender described as such in such Lender’s Administrative Questionnaire, or 
such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the 
Parent and the Administrative Agent.
 
“Lien” means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, 
assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), 
charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential 
arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional 
sale or other title retention agreement in the nature of a security 
interest, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real 
property, and any Capitalized Lease having substantially the same economic 
effect as any of the foregoing); provided that in no event shall an 
operating lease in and of itself be deemed a Lien.
 
“Loan” means the Term Loan.
 
“Loan Documents” means, collectively, (a) this Agreement, (b) the Notes, 
(c) the Senior Subordination Agreement, (d) the Guarantee Agreement, (e) 
the Intercompany Subordination
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Agreement, and (f) all other agreements, instruments and documents now or 
hereafter executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent and/or any 
Lender by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to this 
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
“Loan Parties” means, collectively, (a) each Borrower and (b) each 
Guarantor.
 
“Margin Stock” has the meaning set forth in Regulation U of the Board of 
Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System, or any successor 
thereto.
 
“Master Agreement” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Swap 
Contract”.
 
“Material Adverse Effect” means any event or condition having a material 
adverse effect on:  (a) the business, assets, financial condition, 
operations or properties of the Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a 
whole, (b) the ability of any Loan Party to perform its obligations in all 
material respects under the Loan Documents, (c) the rights and remedies of 
the Administrative Agent or Lenders to enforce or collect the amounts due 
under the Loan Documents, or (d) the validity of any of the Loan Documents 
or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated therein.
 
“Material Contract” means agreement of the Parent or any Subsidiary under 
which an uncured default or breach by the Parent or any Subsidiary could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
“Material Indebtedness” of any Person means Indebtedness of such Person 
having an aggregate principal amount of $1,150,000 or more.
 
“Maturity Date” means the date that is five (5) years after the Closing 
Date, provided, that if such day is not a Business Day, the applicable 
Maturity Date shall be the Business Day immediately preceding such day.
 
“Maximum Rate” has the meaning specified in Section 10.10.
 
“McLarty” means McLarty Capital Partners SBIC, L.P., a Delaware limited 
partnership, and its successors and assigns.
 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.
 
“Multiemployer Plan” means any multiemployer plan as defined in Section 
4001(a)(3) of ERISA and subject to Title IV of ERISA, to which any Loan 
Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates makes or is obligated to 
make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or 
been obligated to make contributions.
 
“Net Cash Proceeds” means:
 
(a)           [reserved];
 
(b)           with respect to any Asset Sale, the aggregate amount of all 
cash payments received by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries as 
consideration for such Asset Sale, whether at
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
the time of such Asset Sale or after such Asset Sale under deferred payment 
arrangements or Investments (but only as and when received in cash) entered 
into or received in connection with such Asset Sale, net of (i) the amount 
of any legal, title, transfer and recording tax expenses, commissions and 
other fees and out-of-pocket expenses payable by the Parent or any of its 
Subsidiaries in connection therewith, (ii) any Federal, state and local 
income or other Taxes estimated to be payable by the Parent or any of its 
Subsidiaries as a result thereof, and (iii) any repayments by the Parent or 
any of its Subsidiaries of Indebtedness to the extent that such 
Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the property that is the subject of 
such Asset Sale and the transferee of (or holder of a Lien on) such 
property requires that such Indebtedness be repaid as a condition to the 
purchase of such property and (iv) reasonable reserves in connection with 
any indemnification payments (but only until the release thereof); and
 
(c)           with respect to any incurrence of Indebtedness or offering of 
Equity Interests, the aggregate amount of all cash proceeds received by the 
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries therefrom, less all legal, broker, 
transaction, placement, underwriting and similar fees, commissions and 
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection therewith.
 
“Non-Bank Certificate” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(b).
 
“Non-Consenting Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 3.07.
 
“Non-Loan Party” means any Subsidiary of the Parent that is not a Loan 
Party.
 
“Note” means a promissory note of the Borrowers payable to any Lender or 
its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, 
evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Lender 
resulting from the Term Loan made by such Lender.
 
“Obligations” means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, 
covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document 
(including principal, interest, fees, any applicable Prepayment Premiums, 
costs and expenses and indemnity reimbursement amounts) or otherwise with 
respect to the Term Loan, whether direct or indirect (including those 
acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now 
existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue 
after the commencement by or against any Loan Party of any proceeding under 
any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, 
regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such 
proceeding.
 
“OFAC” means the Office of Foreign Assets control of the United States 
Department of Treasury.
 
“OID” means original issue discount.
 
“Organization Documents” means (a) with respect to any corporation, the 
certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or 
comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. 
jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the 
certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating 
agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or 
other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other 
applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement,
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with 
its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in 
the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any 
certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity.
 
“Other Taxes” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e).
 
“Overnight Rate” means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds 
Rate and (b) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent in 
accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.
 
“Parent” means ARC Group Worldwide, Inc., a Utah corporation.
 
“Participant” has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(d).
 
“Participant Register” has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(e).
 
“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
 
“Pension Plan” means any “employee pension benefit plan” (as such term is 
defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is 
subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by any Loan 
Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates or to which any Loan 
Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates contributes or 
contributed or had an obligation to contribute, in the preceding five plan 
years.
 
“Perfection Certificate” means each perfection certificate delivered by the 
Parent or any Subsidiary thereof.
 
“Permitted Acquisition” means any transaction or series of related 
transactions resulting in the acquisition by the Parent or any of its 
wholly owned Subsidiaries that is a Loan Party, whether by purchase, merger 
or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, all of the 
Equity Interests of, or a business line or unit or a division of, any 
Person, provided,
 
    (i)            immediately prior to, and after giving effect thereto,
    no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or
    would result therefrom;
     
    (ii)           all transactions in connection therewith shall be
    consummated, in all material respects, in accordance with all
    applicable Laws;
     
    (iii)          such acquisition was not preceded by an unsolicited
    tender offer for such Equity Interests or, proxy contest, and was
    approved, or recommended, by the board of directors (or equivalent
    governing body) of the target thereof;
     
    (iv)          in the case of the purchase or other acquisition of
    Equity Interests, all of the Equity Interests (except for any such
    Equity Interests in the nature of directors’ qualifying shares required
    pursuant to applicable law) acquired or otherwise issued by such Person
    or any newly formed Subsidiary of the Parent in connection with such
    acquisition shall be owned 100% by the Parent or a Guarantor, and the
    Parent shall take,
 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    or cause to be taken, each of the actions set forth in Sections 6.11
    and 6.13, as applicable, as and when required;
     
    (v)           (A) the Parent and its Subsidiaries shall be in
    compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.14 on a
    Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such acquisition as of the last
    day of the fiscal quarter most recently ended and as of the last day of
    the most recently ended month of the Parent for which information is
    available for the assets, Equity Interests or business, line, unit or
    division being acquired, (B) the Total Leverage Ratio shall be lower
    than the lesser of (1) 3.50:1.00 and (2) the maximum ratio permitted by
    Section 7.14(b) at such time, adjusted by reducing the numerator of
    such ratio by 0.50, on a Pro Forma Basis as of the last day of the most
    recently ended quarter of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for which
    information is available for the assets, Equity Interests or business,
    line, unit or division being acquired, and the Senior Leverage Ratio
    shall be lower than the lesser of (1) 2.50:1.00 and (2) the maximum
    ratio permitted by Section 7.14(c) at such time, adjusted by reducing
    the numerator of such ratio by 0.50, on a Pro Forma Basis as of the
    last day of the most recently ended quarter of the Parent and its
    Subsidiaries for which information is available for the assets, Equity
    Interests or business, line, unit or division being acquired, and (C)
    the Parent shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a
    Compliance Certificate evidencing in reasonable detail compliance with
    the financial covenants and ratios described in subclauses (A) and (B)
    of this clause (v) and such Compliance Certificate, including the
    calculations set forth therein, shall be reasonably acceptable to the
    Administrative Agent;
     
    (vi)          the Parent shall have delivered to Administrative Agent
    for distribution to the Lenders at least 15 Business Days (or such
    shorter period as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent) prior
    to such proposed acquisition (A) with respect to any transaction or
    series of related transactions involving Acquisition Consideration of
    more than $1,000,000, (i) all other relevant financial information with
    respect to such acquired assets, including the aggregate consideration
    for such acquisition and any other information required to demonstrate
    compliance with the covenants set forth in Article VII and (ii) good
    faith projections for the twelve (12) month period subsequent to such
    proposed acquisition demonstrating compliance with the financial
    covenants set forth in Section 7.14 on a Pro Forma Basis after giving
    effect to such acquisition and (B) with respect to any transaction or
    series of related transactions, (i) a copy of the purchase agreement
    related to the proposed acquisition (and any related documents
    reasonably requested by Administrative Agent), (ii) other than in the
    case of the Kecy Acquisition a list of requested EBITDA adjustments as
    confirmed by a third party quality of earnings report to the extent
    such adjustments for all such proposed Permitted Acquisitions exceed
    more than $1,000,000 at any one time in determining Consolidated EBITDA
    on a Pro Forma Basis for the twelve (12) month period immediately prior
    to such proposed acquisition, (iii) a general description of such
    acquired assets or such acquired business line or unit or division and
    the competitive position of such Person or business line or unit or
    division within the industry, (iv) the sources and uses of funds to
    finance the proposed acquisition, (v) quarterly and annual financial
    statements of the Person whose Equity Interests or assets are being
    acquired for the twelve (12) month period immediately prior to such
    proposed acquisition, including any audited financial statements that
    are available, and (vi) as reasonably requested by the Administrative
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Agent, any other due diligence material that is in the possession of
    the Parent or any Subsidiary and readily available, all of which shall
    be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent;
     
    (vii)         any Person or assets or division as acquired in
    accordance herewith shall be in substantially the same business or
    lines of business in which the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries are
    permitted to be engaged hereunder;
     
    (viii)        any Person who is the target of the proposed acquisition
    shall have had positive EBITDA (calculated in a manner reasonably
    satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and certified in a writing
    setting forth such calculations that is delivered by the Parent to the
    Administrative Agent) for each of the most recently ended four fiscal
    quarters prior to the closing date of such acquisition for which
    financial information is available;
     
    (ix)          the respective Permitted Acquisition is otherwise
    permitted under the Senior Credit Agreement; and
     
    (x)           the aggregate Acquisition Consideration (A) for each
    Permitted Acquisition either singly or together with all other
    Permitted Acquisitions in any period of four (4) consecutive fiscal
    quarters shall not exceed $30,000,000, (B) for all Permitted
    Acquisitions not solely constituting assets located, or stock of
    Persons all of whose assets are located, entirely within the United
    States shall not exceed $10,000,000 and (C) for all Permitted
    Acquisitions shall not exceed $50,000,000.
     
“Permitted Holders” means Everest and its Controlled Investment Affiliates.
 
“Permitted Lien” means any Lien permitted by Section 7.01.
 
“Permitted Refinancing” means, with respect to any Person, any 
modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of any 
Indebtedness of such Person; provided that (a) the principal amount (or 
accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount 
(or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, 
refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended except by an amount equal to 
unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon, 
plus reasonable OID and upfront fees plus other fees and expenses 
reasonably incurred, in connection with such modification, refinancing, 
refunding, renewal or extension and by an amount equal to any existing 
commitments unutilized thereunder, (b) such modification, refinancing, 
refunding, renewal or extension has a final maturity date equal to or later 
than the final maturity date of, and has a Weighted Average Life to 
Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, 
the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, 
(c) at the time thereof, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing, (d) if such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, 
renewed, replaced or extended is subordinated to the Obligations, (i) to 
the extent such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, 
replaced or extended is subordinated in right of payment or Lien priority 
to the Obligations, such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, 
replacement or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the 
Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders as those 
contained in the
 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
documentation governing the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, 
refunded, renewed or extended, and (ii) the terms and conditions 
(including, if applicable, as to collateral but excluding as to 
subordination, pricing, premiums and optional prepayment or redemption 
provisions) of any such modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended 
Indebtedness, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the 
applicable Borrower or Subsidiary than the terms and conditions of the 
Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, and 
(e) such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension is 
incurred by the Person who is the obligor of the Indebtedness being 
modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended and no additional 
obligors become liable for such Indebtedness.
 
“Person” means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, 
trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental 
Authority or other entity.
 
“Plan” means any material “employee benefit plan” (as such term is defined 
in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established or maintained by any Loan Party or, 
with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or 
Title IV of ERISA, any of their respective ERISA Affiliates.
 
“Platform” has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.
 
“Prepayment Premium” means, with respect to any prepayment of the Term 
Loan, whether voluntary or mandatory, whether or not during the existence 
of an Event of Default and whether before or after acceleration:
 
(a)           three percent (3%), in the case of a prepayment on or prior 
to the first anniversary of the Closing Date;
 
(b)           two percent (2%), in the case of a prepayment after the first 
anniversary of the Closing Date but on or prior to the second anniversary 
thereof; or
 
(c)           one percent (1%), in the case of a prepayment after the 
second anniversary of the Closing Date but prior to the Maturity Date.
 
The Loan Parties acknowledge that the Lenders shall suffer damages on 
account of the early payment of the Term Loan and that the Prepayment 
Premium is a reasonable calculation of the lost profits of the Lenders 
holding the Term Loan in view of the difficulties and impracticality of 
determining actual damages resulting from prepayment.
 
“Pro Forma Balance Sheet” has the meaning specified in Section 5.06(a)(ii).
 
“Pro Forma Basis” and “Pro Forma Effect” mean, with respect to any 
financial calculation or compliance with any test or covenant hereunder 
performing such calculation, or compliance with such test or covenant, as 
applicable, after giving effect to (a) the Transaction, (b) any Investment, 
(c) any asset sale, (d) any payment of principal or interest in respect 
Indebtedness, or (e) any incurrence of Indebtedness, using, for purposes of 
determining such compliance, the historical financial statements of all 
entities or assets so acquired or sold (if available) and the consolidated 
financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, and any 
Indebtedness or other liabilities to be incurred or repaid in connection 
therewith had been
 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
consummated and incurred or repaid at the beginning of such period (and 
assuming that such Indebtedness to be incurred bears interest during any 
portion of the applicable measurement period prior to the relevant 
acquisition at the weighted average of the interest rates applicable to the 
Term Loan during such period).
 
“Pro Forma Financial Statements” has the meaning specified in Section 
5.06(a)(ii).
 
“Pro Rata Share” means, with respect to each Lender at any time a fraction 
(expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the 
numerator of which is the amount of the Commitments and, if applicable and 
without duplication, the Term Loan of such Lender at such time and the 
denominator of which is the amount of the Aggregate Commitments and, if 
applicable and without duplication, the Term Loan at such time.
 
“Projections” shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.01(c).
 
“Public Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.
 
“Quadrant” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this 
Agreement.
 
“Qualified Equity Interests” means any Equity Interests that are not 
Disqualified Equity Interests.
 
“Quarterly Financial Statements” means the unaudited consolidated balance 
sheets and related statements of income, changes in stockholders’ and cash 
flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for each of the fiscal quarters 
after the date of the Annual Financial Statements and ended at least forty 
five (45) days before the Closing Date.
 
“Register” has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(c).
 
“Related Parties” means, with respect to any specified Person, (a) any 
spouse or former spouse, estate or lineal descendant (whether natural or 
adopted) of such Person, or (b) any trust, corporation, partnership or 
other entity, the beneficiaries, stockholders, partners, owners or persons 
beneficially holding an 80% or more controlling interest of which consist 
of such Person and/or any of the persons referred to in clause (a) of this 
definition.
 
“Reportable Event” means, with respect to any Pension Plan, any of the 
events set forth in Section 4043 (c) of ERISA or the regulations issued 
thereunder, other than events for which the thirty (30) day notice period 
has been waived.
 
“Required Lenders” shall mean on any date of determination Lenders having 
more than 50% of the outstanding Term Loan.
 
“Responsible Officer” means the chief executive officer, president, vice 
president, chief financial officer, treasurer or other similar officer or 
Person performing similar functions of a Loan Party.  Any document 
delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party 
shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary 
corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party 
and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted 
on behalf of such Loan Party.  Unless otherwise
 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
specified, all references herein to a “Responsible Officer” shall refer to 
a Responsible Officer of the Parent.
 
“Restricted Payment” means the declaration or payment of any dividend or 
other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with 
respect to any Equity Interest of the Parent or any Subsidiary, or any 
payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any 
sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, 
retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any 
such Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the 
Parent’s or its Subsidiaries’ respective stockholders, partners or members 
(or the equivalent Persons thereof).
 
“S&P” means Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of The 
McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any successor thereto.
 
“Same Day Funds” means disbursements and payments in immediately available 
funds.
 
“Sanctioned Person” shall mean, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any 
Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC or the U.S. 
Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the 
European Union or any EU member state, (b) any Person located, organized or 
resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person controlled by any Person 
described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition.
 
“Sanctions” shall mean economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes 
imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. 
government, including those administered by OFAC, or (b) the United Nations 
Security Council, the European Union or Her Majesty’s Treasury of the 
United Kingdom.
 
“SBA” means the U.S. Small Business Administration.
 
“SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental 
Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.
 
“Senior Administrative Agent” means Citizens Bank, N.A., a national banking 
association, and its successors and assigns.
 
“Senior Credit Agreement” means the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Senior Administrative Agent, 
the other financial institutions party thereto as lenders and the 
Borrowers, as the same now exists or may hereafter be amended, modified, 
supplemented, extended, renewed, restated or replaced.
 
“Senior Documents” means, collectively, the following: (a) the Senior 
Credit Agreement; and (b) all other agreements, documents and instruments 
at any time executed and/or delivered by Borrowers or Guarantors with, to 
or in favor of the Senior Administrative Agent in connection therewith or 
related thereto.
 
“Senior Indebtedness” means the secured Indebtedness owing by the Loan 
Parties to the Senior Administrative Agent pursuant to the Senior Documents 
and all interest, fees, reimbursement obligations, expenses, 
indemnification and other obligations with respect thereto.
 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Senior Leverage Ratio” has the meaning specified in the Senior Credit 
Agreement.
 
“Senior Subordination Agreement” means that certain Subordination 
Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and between the Administrative 
Agent and the Senior Administrative Agent, and acknowledged by the Loan 
Parties, as the same now exists or may be hereafter be amended, modified, 
supplemented, extended, renewed, restated or replaced.
 
“Single Employer Plan” means any Plan which is covered by Title IV of 
ERISA, but which is not a Multiemployer Plan.
 
“Solvent” and “Solvency” mean, at a point in time, that the fair salable 
value of the assets of a Person, on a going concern basis, is greater than 
the total amount of liabilities (including contingent, subordinated, 
unmatured and unliquidated liabilities) of the Person; the fair salable 
value of the assets of the Person, on a going concern basis, is not less 
than the amount that will be required to pay its probable liabilities 
(including contingent, subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated 
liabilities) as they become absolute and matured; the Person is not engaged 
in a business or a transaction, and is not about to be engaged in a 
business or a transaction, for which its properties would constitute an 
unreasonably small capital; and the Person does not intend to, and does not 
believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities (including contingent, 
subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated liabilities) beyond its ability to 
pay as such debts and liabilities mature in the ordinary course of 
business.  For purposes of the foregoing, the amount of contingent 
liabilities are to be computed as the amount that, in light of all the 
facts and circumstances existing at that point in time, can reasonably be 
expected to become an actual or matured liability.
 
“Specified Earn-Out Obligations” means the Borrowers’ obligations under (i) 
Section 2.4 of that certain Membership Units Purchase Agreement, dated as 
of April 7, 2014, between the Parent and the sellers named therein, 
together with the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of April 7, 
2014, between the Parent and 3D Material, pursuant to which 3D Material has 
acquired 100% of the membership interests of ATC; and (ii) Section 2.11 of 
that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2014, by and 
among Kecy, AMS, Munson Holding, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, 
and, in a limited capacity, the Parent, in each case as in effect on the in 
each case as in effect on the date of this Agreement.
 
“Specified Leased Property” means any parcel of real property leased or 
licensed (including any sublease, sublicense or similar arrangement) by the 
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (a) under any agreement with any 
Affiliate of the Parent, (b) used as the Parent’s headquarters or (c) where 
material books, records or inventory of the Parent or its Subsidiaries are 
stored.
 
“Subsidiary” of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, 
limited liability company or other business entity (excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, charitable foundations) of which a majority of the 
shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for 
the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or 
interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a 
contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which 
is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more
 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
intermediaries, or both, by such Person.  Unless otherwise specified, all 
references herein to a “Subsidiary” or to “Subsidiaries” shall refer to a 
Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Parent.
 
“Supplemental Administrative Agent” and “Supplemental Administrative Agents
” have the meanings specified in Section 9.12(a).
 
“Swap Contract” means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, 
credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, 
commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index 
swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or 
forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, 
interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap 
transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap 
transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot 
contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of 
the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), 
whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master 
agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related 
confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or 
governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange 
Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, 
together with any related schedules, a “Master Agreement”), including any 
such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement
 
“Swap Termination Value” means, in respect of any one or more Swap 
Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable 
netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or 
after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination 
value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and 
(b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) 
determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as 
determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available 
quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which 
may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).
 
“Synthetic Lease Obligations” means an arrangement treated as an operating 
lease for financial accounting purposes and a financing lease for tax 
purposes.
 
“Taxes” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(a).
 
“Tekna Seal” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to 
this Agreement.
 
“Term Loan” means, collectively, the term loan made by the Lenders to the 
Borrowers under this Agreement on the Closing Date and any term loan made 
after the Closing Date under Section 2.02.
 
“Term Loan Commitment” means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make a 
Term Loan to the Borrowers hereunder, expressed as an amount representing 
the maximum principal amount of the Term Loan to be made by such Lender 
under this Agreement, as such commitment may be reduced or increased from 
time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to an 
Assignment and Assumption.  The initial amount of each Lender’s Term Loan 
Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01 under the caption “Term Loan 
Commitment” or,
 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
otherwise, in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender 
shall have assumed its Commitment, as the case may be.  The initial 
aggregate amount of the Term Loan Commitments is $20,000,000.
 
“Test Period” in effect at any time means the most recent period of four 
consecutive fiscal quarters of the Parent ended on or prior to such time 
(taken as one accounting period) in respect of which financial statements 
for each quarter or fiscal year in such period have been or are required to 
be delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(g) or Section 6.01(a) or (b), as 
applicable, without giving effect to any grace period applicable thereto 
(or, prior to the date that the first such financial statements are 
required be so delivered, solely for purposes of determining compliance 
with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.14 on a Pro Forma Basis 
in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or Section 7.08(b), the most 
recent period of four consecutive fiscal quarters).
 
“Thixoforming” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to 
this Agreement.
 
“Total Leverage Ratio” means, as to the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a 
consolidated basis as of the date of its determination, the ratio of (a) 
Funded Indebtedness of the Parent  and its Subsidiaries as of such date, to 
(b) Consolidated EBITDA of the Parent  and its Subsidiaries for the Test 
Period ended as of such date.
 
“Transaction” means, collectively (a) the execution and delivery and 
performance of the Loan Documents and the making of the initial Term Loan 
hereunder on the Closing Date, (b) the repayment of a portion of the 
amounts due or outstanding under or in respect of the Senior Documents in 
the aggregate amount of $20,000,000, and (c) the payment of the fees and 
expenses incurred in connection with any of the foregoing.
 
“Transaction Expenses” means any fees or expenses incurred or paid by the 
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transaction, this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated 
hereby and thereby.
 
“Uniform Commercial Code” means the Uniform Commercial Code or any 
successor provision thereof as the same may from time to time be in effect 
in the State of New York or the Uniform Commercial Code or any successor 
provision thereof (or similar code or statute) of another jurisdiction, to 
the extent it may be required to apply to any item or items of Collateral.
 
“United States” and “U.S.”  mean the United States of America.
 
“U.S. Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(d).
 
“USA PATRIOT Act” means The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing 
Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 
(Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)).
 
“WARN” has the meaning specified in Section 5.08.
 
30
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
“Weighted Average Life to Maturity” means, when applied to any Indebtedness 
at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing:  (a) the sum of the 
products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining 
installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of 
principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) 
the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will 
elapse between such date and the making of such payment by (b) the then 
outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness; provided that for 
purposes of determining the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any 
Refinanced Term Debt or any Indebtedness that is being modified, 
refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended (the “Applicable 
Indebtedness”), the effects of any prepayments made on such Applicable 
Indebtedness prior to the date of the applicable modification, refinancing, 
refunding, renewal, replacement or extension shall be disregarded.
 
“wholly owned” means, with respect to a Subsidiary of a Person, a 
Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding Equity Interests of which 
(other than (x) director’s qualifying shares and (y) nominal shares issued 
to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable Law) are owned by 
such Person and/or by one or more wholly owned Subsidiaries of such Person.
 
“Withdrawal Liability” means the liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a 
result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as 
such term is defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
 
“Wireless” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this 
Agreement.
 
“Wireless LLC” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to 
this Agreement.
 
Section 1.02.  Other Interpretive Provisions.  With reference to this 
Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein 
or in such other Loan Document:
 
(a)           The meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the 
singular and plural forms of the defined terms.
 
(b)           (i)The words “herein,” “hereto,” “hereof” and “hereunder” and 
words of similar import when used in the Loan Documents shall refer to the 
Loan Documents as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof.
 
    (i)            References in this Agreement to an Exhibit, Schedule,
    Article, Section, clause or sub-clause refer (A) to the appropriate
    Exhibit or Schedule to, or Article, Section, clause or sub-clause in
    this Agreement or (B) to the extent such references are not present in
    this Agreement, to the Loan Documents in which such reference appears.
     
    (ii)           The term “including” is by way of example and not
    limitation.
     
    (iii)          The term “documents” includes any and all instruments,
    documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial
    statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical
    or electronic form.
 
31
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)           In the computation of periods of time from a specified date 
to a later specified date, the word “from” means “from and including;” the 
words “to” and “until” each mean “to but excluding,” and the word “through” 
means “to and including”.  In the event that performance of any obligation 
is due on a day that is not a Business Day, then, except as expressly 
provided herein, the time for such performance shall be extended to the 
next Business Day.
 
(d)           Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are 
included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the 
interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document
 
Section 1.03.  Accounting Terms.  All accounting terms not specifically or 
completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all 
financial data (including financial ratios and other financial 
calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be 
prepared in conformity with, GAAP, except as otherwise specifically 
prescribed herein.
 
Section 1.04.  Rounding.  Except as provided in the definition of “Pro Rata 
Share”, any financial ratios required to be satisfied in order for a 
specific action to be permitted under this Agreement shall be calculated by 
dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the 
result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is 
expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number 
(with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).
 
Section 1.05.  References to Agreements, Laws, Etc.  Unless otherwise 
expressly provided herein, (a) references to Organization Documents, 
agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other contractual instruments 
shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, 
extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the 
extent that such amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and 
other modifications not prohibited by the Loan Documents; and (b) 
references to any Law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions 
consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such Law.
 
Section 1.06.  Times of Day.  Unless otherwise specified, all references 
herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or 
standard, as applicable).
 
ARTICLE II
 
The Commitment and the Term Loan
 
Section 2.01.  The Term Loan.  Subject to the terms and conditions set 
forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make to the Borrowers a 
single Term Loan denominated in Dollars equal to such Lender’s Term Loan 
Commitment on the Closing Date.  Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01 
and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed, except as set forth in Section 
2.02 below.
 
Section 2.02.  Additional Tranches.  After the Closing Date, so long as no 
Default or Event of Default exists, with the prior written consent of 
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, the then outstanding principal 
amount of the Term Loan may be increased by an Additional Tranche upon the 
written request of Parent (which such request (a) shall state the
 
32
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
aggregate amount of the Additional Tranche requested, which amount shall 
not exceed the amount of the Term Loan repaid (including any additional 
loan previously made under this Section 2.02) as of the date of such 
request and (b) shall be made at least ten (10) days prior to the proposed 
effective date of the funding of such Additional Tranche) to Administrative 
Agent to activate an Additional Tranche; provided, however, that 
Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to consent to any requested 
activation of an Additional Tranche.  In the event Administrative Agent 
does not consent to the activation of a requested Additional Tranche within 
ten (10) days after receiving a written request from Parent, then the then 
outstanding principal amount of the Term Loan shall not be increased.  Any 
Additional Tranches funded under this Section 2.02 shall be consolidated 
with the then outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan; except, that, 
for the purposes of the application of any payments made in respect of the 
Term Loan, that portion of the Term Loan made on the Closing Date shall be 
deemed to be the first loans repaid, with any Additional Tranches advanced 
under this Section 2.02 be deemed to be the last-out loans repaid.  Each 
Additional Tranche shall have the same interest rate, maturity, and other 
terms as the Term Loan immediately prior to the making of an Additional 
Tranche under this Section 2.02.  Effective immediately upon the making of 
any Additional Tranches under this Section 2.02, all references to the Term 
Loan hereunder shall be automatically amended to include such Additional 
Tranche in the definition of Term Loan.  For the avoidance of doubt, the 
outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan (including the loan made on 
the Closing Date plus all Additional Tranches advanced under this Section 
2.02) shall not exceed at any given time $20,000,000.
 
Section 2.03.  Prepayments.
 
(a)           Optional.
 
    (i)            The Borrowers may, upon not less than thirty (30) days
    prior written notice by the Parent to the Administrative Agent, at any
    time or from time to time voluntarily prepay the Term Loan in whole or
    in part.  Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such
    prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due
    and payable on the date specified therein.  The Administrative Agent
    will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice,
    and of the amount of such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of such prepayment. 
    Each prepayment of the Term Loan pursuant to this Section 2.03(a) shall
    be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata
    Shares, and shall be accompanied by the payment of the Prepayment
    Premium for the account of the Lenders.
     
    (ii)           Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
    this subsection (a), the Parent may rescind any notice of prepayment
    under Section 2.03(a)(i) if such prepayment would have resulted from a
    refinancing of the Term Loan or other transaction, which refinancing or
    transaction shall not be consummated or shall otherwise be delayed.
     
    (iii)          Voluntary prepayments of the Term Loan permitted
    hereunder shall be subject in all events to the terms of the Senior
    Subordination Agreement and shall be applied to the Term Loan then
    outstanding first, to that portion of the Term Loan made
 
33
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    on the Closing Date and second, to any Additional Tranches advanced
    under Section 2.02.
     
(b)           Mandatory.
 
    (i)            [Reserved].
     
    (ii)           [Reserved].
     
    (iii)          Subject to the terms of the Senior Subordination
    Agreement, on the fifth Business Day after the date of any Asset Sale
    by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, the Borrowers will prepay the
    Term Loan hereunder in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of the amount
    of Net Cash Proceeds from such Asset Sale received by the Parent or any
    of its Subsidiaries on the date of such Asset Sale.  Notwithstanding
    the foregoing, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is
    continuing, the Borrowers shall not be required to make any prepayment
    of the Term Loan under this Section 2.03(b)(iii) with respect to Net
    Cash Proceeds received by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries from
    Asset Sales to the extent that, on or prior to the date such Net Cash
    Proceeds would otherwise be required to be so applied the Parent
    notifies the Administrative Agent that such Net Cash Proceeds are to be
    reinvested in assets used or usable in the business of the Parent or
    any of its Subsidiaries within 180 days of each such Asset Sale, and if
    such Net Cash Proceeds to be reinvested are not in fact reinvested
    within 180 days after receipt thereof, then such proceeds shall be due
    and payable, and, in each case, applied to the prepayment of the Term
    Loan as provided in this clause (iii) at the expiration of such 180-day
    period); provided that the amount of such Net Cash Proceeds not applied
    to prepayment of the Term Loan because of this sentence shall not
    exceed $1,000,000 over the term of this Agreement.
     
    (iv)          Subject to the terms of the Senior Subordination
    Agreement, on the fifth Business Day after any incurrence of
    Indebtedness by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (other than
    Indebtedness expressly permitted pursuant to Section 7.03), the
    Borrowers will prepay the Term Loan hereunder in an aggregate amount
    equal to 100% of the amount of the Net Cash Proceeds from such
    incurrence of Indebtedness received by the Parent or any of its
    Subsidiaries.
     
    (v)           Subject to the terms of the Senior Subordination
    Agreement, on the fifth Business Day after the closing of any offering
    or sale of Equity Interests by or any capital contribution to the
    Parent (other than any Excluded Contribution), the Borrowers will
    prepay the Term Loan hereunder in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of
    the Net Cash Proceeds from such offering or sale of Equity Interests
    after satisfaction of the mandatory prepayment requirement set forth in
    Section 2.03(b)(v) in the Senior Loan Agreement provided that (x) if
    the Senior Leverage Ratio is less than 2.75 to 1.00 but greater than or
    equal to 2.25 to 1.00 without giving effect to such issuance and the
    application of the proceeds thereof for the period of four consecutive
    quarters most recently ended and for which financial statements are
    required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b), the
    Borrowers will prepay the Term Loan hereunder in an aggregate amount
    equal to 25% of the Net Cash Proceeds from such offering or sale of
    Equity
 
34
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Interests after satisfaction of the mandatory prepayment requirement
    set forth in Section 2.03(b)(v) in the Senior Loan Agreement and (y) if
    the Senior Leverage Ratio is less than 2.25 to 1.00 without giving
    effect to such issuance and the application of the proceeds thereof for
    the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended and
    for which financial statements are required to have been delivered
    pursuant to Section 6.01(a) and (b), the Borrowers will prepay the Term
    Loan hereunder in an aggregate amount equal to 50% of the Net Cash
    Proceeds from such offering or sale of Equity Interests remaining after
    satisfaction of the mandatory prepayment requirement set forth in
    Section 2.03(b)(v) in the Senior Loan Agreement.  Notwithstanding the
    foregoing, the Borrowers will make such prepayments in respect of any
    Net Cash Proceeds constituting a Cure Amount in an amount equal to 100%
    of such Net Cash Proceeds.
     
    (vi)          Subject to the terms of the Senior Subordination
    Agreement, on the tenth Business Day after the receipt by the Parent or
    any of its Subsidiaries of the proceeds of insurance, condemnation
    award or other compensation (other than business interruption insurance
    proceeds) in respect of any Casualty Event affecting any property or
    assets of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, the Borrowers shall
    prepay the Term Loan in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of the Net
    Cash Proceeds from such Casualty Event, provided that the Borrowers
    shall not be required to make any prepayment of the Term Loan under
    this Section 2.03(b)(vi) with respect to Net Cash Proceeds received by
    any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from Casualty Events to the
    extent if, at the time proceeds of insurance, condemnation award or
    other compensation (other than business interruption insurance
    proceeds) in respect of such Casualty Event are received, no Event of
    Default shall have occurred and be continuing, to the extent that, on
    or prior to the date such Net Cash Proceeds would otherwise be required
    to be so applied the Parent notifies the Administrative Agent that such
    Net Cash Proceeds from such Casualty Event are to be reinvested in the
    repair, restoration or replacement of the property affected by such
    Casualty Event or in other assets used or usable in the business of the
    Borrowers and their Subsidiaries within 180 days of the receipt of such
    proceeds, and if such Net Cash Proceeds intended to be reinvested are
    not in fact reinvested then such proceeds shall be due and payable and
    applied to the prepayment of the Term Loan as provided in this clause
    (v) at the expiration of such 180-day period).
     
    (vii)         Subject to the terms of the Senior Subordination
    Agreement, not later than the fifth Business Day after the date on
    which the annual financial statements are required to be delivered for
    any fiscal year (beginning with the fiscal year ending June 30, 2015)
    pursuant to Section 6.01(a), if the Total Leverage Ratio is greater
    than or equal to 2.00 to 1.00 for the Test Period ending on the last
    day of such fiscal year, the Borrowers will prepay the Term Loan
    hereunder in an aggregate amount equal to 75% (or if the Total Leverage
    Ratio is less than 2.50 to 1.00 but greater than or equal to 2.00 to
    1.00 for the Test Period ending on the last day of such fiscal year,
    50%) of the Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year (or, in the case of
    the prepayment under this clause (vii) for the period ending on June
    30, 2015, for the period of two consecutive fiscal quarters ending on
    such date) minus the aggregate amount of voluntary prepayments of the
    Term Loan.
     
    (viii)        Subject in all events to the terms of the Senior
    Subordination Agreement, (A) each prepayment of the Term Loan pursuant
    to this Section 2.03(b) shall be applied
 
35
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    to the Term Loan then outstanding (and applied pro rata to the
    remaining installments thereof in inverse order of maturity), and (B)
    each such prepayment shall be paid to the Lenders in accordance with
    their respective Pro Rata Shares of such prepayment, and shall be
    accompanied by the payment of the Prepayment Premium for the account of
    the Lenders; provided that, (1) solely in the case of a prepayment
    pursuant to Section 2.03(b)(v), the Prepayment Premium with respect to
    prepayments of the first $1 through $5,000,000 of the Term Loan with
    such proceeds shall equal 0% of such prepayments up to $5,000,000, and
    any prepayments greater than $5,000,000 made pursuant to Section
    2.03(b)(v) shall be subject to the otherwise applicable Prepayment
    Premium required hereunder, (2) in the case of a prepayment pursuant to
    Section 2.03(b)(vii), no Prepayment Premium shall be required, and (3)
    any prepayment of an Additional Tranche shall not be subject to the
    Prepayment Premium.
     
(c)           The Parent shall notify the Administrative Agent in writing 
of any mandatory prepayment of the Term Loan required to be made pursuant 
to Section 2.03(b)(iii) through (vii) at least two (2) Business Days prior 
to the required date of such prepayment.  Each such notice shall specify 
the date of such prepayment and provide a reasonably detailed calculation 
of the amount of such prepayment.  The Administrative Agent will promptly 
notify each applicable Lender of the contents of the Parent’s prepayment 
notice and of such Lender’s Pro Rata Share or other applicable share of the 
prepayment.
 
(d)           Interest, Funding Losses, etc.  All prepayments under this 
Section 2.03 shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon.
 
Section 2.04.  [Reserved].
 
Section 2.05.  Repayment of the Term Loan.  Subject to the terms of the 
Senior Subordination Agreement, the principal amount of the Term Loan, 
together with interest accrued thereon, shall be due and payable on the 
Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date on which they are declared due 
and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
 
Section 2.06.  Interest.
 
(a)           The Term Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding 
principal amount thereof from the Closing Date at a rate per annum equal to 
the Applicable Rate.  Said interest shall be payable to Agent for the 
benefit of each Lender quarterly in arrears in immediately available funds 
on the first (1st) day of each fiscal quarter beginning on January 1, 2015.
 
(b)           If any amount of principal of the Term Loan is not paid when 
due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated 
maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear 
interest at the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
Laws.
 
    (i)            If any amount (other than principal or interest of the
    Term Loan) payable by any Borrower under the Loan Documents is not paid
    when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at
    stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of
    the Person to whom such amount is owed, such amount shall
 
36
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    thereafter bear interest at the Default Rate to the fullest extent
    permitted by applicable Laws.
     
    (ii)           While any Event of Default exists, upon the request of
    the Required Lenders, the Borrowers shall pay interest on the principal
    amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at the Default Rate to
    the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.
     
(c)           Interest payments shall be payable to Agent for the benefit 
of each Lender based on their Pro Rata Share.  Interest hereunder shall be 
due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after 
judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any 
Debtor Relief Law.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any such 
cash interest payments are prohibited to be paid in cash when due pursuant 
to the terms of the Senior Subordination Agreement, such interest shall 
continue to accrue and shall bear interest at the same rate and in the same 
manner as the underlying Obligations for which such interest was originally 
accrued and shall be payable in full as of the date such payment ceases to 
be prohibited under the Senior Subordination Agreement.
 
Section 2.07.  Fees.
 
(a)           The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the 
ratable benefit of the Lenders an underwriting fee in an amount equal to 2% 
of the aggregate Term Loan Commitment on the Closing Date.  The Borrowers 
shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the 
Lenders funding such Additional Tranche a fee equal to 2% of the Additional 
Tranche contemporaneously with the funding of an Additional Tranche.
 
(b)           The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent such fees 
as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at 
the times so specified.  Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and 
shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.
 
(c)           All fees shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately 
available funds in Dollars, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, 
if and as appropriate, among the Lenders.  Once paid, none of the Fees 
shall be refundable under any circumstances.
 
Section 2.08.  Computation of Interest and Fees.  All computations of 
interest shall be made on the basis of a 360 day year and actual number of 
days elapsed.  Interest shall accrue on the Term Loan from the day on which 
the Term Loan is made until the day on which the Term Loan or any portion 
is repaid.  Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest 
rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, 
absent manifest or demonstrable error.
 
Section 2.09.  Evidence of Indebtedness.
 
(a)           The Term Loan made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one 
or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and evidenced by one 
or more entries in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent, 
acting solely for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 5f.103-l(c), as 
non-fiduciary agent for the Borrowers, in each case in the ordinary course 
of business.  The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative 
Agent and each Lender
 
37
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
shall be prima facie evidence absent manifest or demonstrable error of the 
amount of the Term Loan made by the Lenders to the Borrowers and the 
interest and payments thereon.  Any failure to so record or any error in 
doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of 
the Borrowers hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the 
Obligations.  In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records 
maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative 
Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the 
Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest or 
demonstrable error.  Upon the request of any Lender made through the 
Administrative Agent, the Borrowers shall execute and deliver to such 
Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note payable to such Lender, 
which shall evidence such Lender’s Term Loan in addition to such accounts 
or records.
 
(b)           Entries made in good faith by the Administrative Agent in the 
Register pursuant to Section 2.09(a), and by each Lender in its account or 
accounts pursuant to Section 2.09(a), shall be prima facie evidence of the 
amount of principal and interest due and payable or to become due and 
payable from the Borrowers to, in the case of the Register, each Lender 
and, in the case of such account or accounts, such Lender, under this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, absent manifest or demonstrable 
error; provided that the failure of the Administrative Agent or such Lender 
to make an entry, or any finding that an entry is incorrect, in the 
Register or such account or accounts shall not limit or otherwise affect 
the obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents.
 
Section 2.10.  Payments Generally.
 
(a)           All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made 
without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or 
setoff.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the 
Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the 
account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the 
applicable Administrative Agent’s Office for payment and in Same Day Funds 
not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein.  The Administrative 
Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Pro Rata Share (or other 
applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as 
received by wire transfer to such Lender’s Lending Office.  All payments 
received by the Administrative Agent shall in each case be deemed received 
on the Business Day so received (or, if received after 2:00 p.m. New York, 
New York time, the succeeding Business Day) and any applicable interest or 
fee shall continue to accrue, but in each case will be credited to the 
account of the applicable Borrower on the following Business Day.
 
(b)           If any payment to be made by the Borrowers shall come due on 
a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next 
following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in 
computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
 
(c)           Whenever any payment received by the Administrative Agent 
under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents is insufficient to 
pay in full all amounts due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the 
Lenders under or in respect of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents 
on any date, such payment shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent 
and applied by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in the order of 
priority set forth in Section 8.03.  If the Administrative Agent receives 
funds for application to the Obligations of the Loan Parties under or in 
respect of the Loan Documents under circumstances for which the
 
38
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Loan Documents do not specify the manner in which such funds are to be 
applied, the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, elect 
to distribute such funds to each of the Lenders in accordance with such 
Lender’s Pro Rata Share of such of the outstanding Term Loan or other 
Obligations then owing to such Lender.
 
Section 2.11.  Sharing of Payments, etc.  If, other than as expressly 
provided elsewhere herein, any Lender shall obtain payment in respect of 
any principal of or interest on account of the Term Loan made by it 
(whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of 
setoff, or otherwise) in excess of its ratable share (or other share 
contemplated hereunder) thereof, such Lender shall immediately (a) notify 
the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase from the other 
Lenders such participations in the Term Loan made by them as shall be 
necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment of 
principal of or interest on such Term Loan, pro rata with each of them; 
provided that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter 
recovered from the purchasing Lender under any of the circumstances 
described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered 
into by the purchasing Lender in its discretion), such purchase shall to 
that extent be rescinded and each other Lender shall repay to the 
purchasing Lender the purchase price paid therefor, together with an amount 
equal to such paying Lender’s ratable share (according to the proportion of 
(i) the amount of such paying Lender’s required repayment to (ii) the total 
amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other 
amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total 
amount so recovered, without further interest thereon.  For avoidance of 
doubt, the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to 
(A) any payment made by a Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the 
express terms of this Agreement as in effect from time to time or (B) any 
payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale 
of a participation in any of its Term Loan to any assignee or participant 
permitted hereunder.  The Borrowers agree that any Lender so purchasing a 
participation from another Lender may, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable Law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of 
setoff, but subject to Section 10.09) with respect to such participation as 
fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrowers in the 
amount of such participation.  The Administrative Agent will keep records 
(which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest or 
demonstrable error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.11 and 
will in each case notify the Lenders following any such purchases or 
repayments.  Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this 
Section 2.11 shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all 
notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this 
Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the 
same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the 
Obligations purchased.
 
Section 2.12.  [Reserved].
 
Section 2.13.  [Reserved].
 
Section 2.14.  [Reserved].
 
Section 2.15.  [Reserved].
 
39
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 2.16.  Obligations of the Borrowers; Appointment of the Parent as 
Agent.
 
(a)           The Obligations of all Borrowers shall be joint and several 
in nature.
 
(b)           Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints the Parent as its 
agent for all purposes relevant to this Agreement and each of the other 
Loan Documents, including (i) the giving and receipt of notices, (ii) the 
execution and delivery of all documents, instruments and certificates 
contemplated herein and all modifications hereto, and (iii) the receipt of 
the proceeds of the Term Loan made by the Lenders to any such Borrower 
hereunder.  Any acknowledgment, consent, direction, certification or other 
action which might otherwise be valid or effective only if given or taken 
by all Borrowers, or by any Borrower acting singly, shall be valid and 
effective if given or taken only by the Parent, whether or not any such 
other Borrower joins therein. Any notice, demand, consent, acknowledgement, 
direction, certification or other communication delivered to the Parent in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed to have been 
delivered to each Borrower.
 
ARTICLE III
 
Taxes, Increased Costs Protection and Illegality
 
Section 3.01.  Taxes.  For the purposes of this Section 3.01, the term 
“applicable law” includes FATCA.
 
(a)           Except as required by applicable law, any and all payments by 
any Loan Party to or for the account of any Agent or any Lender under the 
Loan Documents shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for 
any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, 
assessments, fees, withholdings or similar charges, and all liabilities 
(including additions to tax, penalties and interest) with respect thereto 
(“Taxes”).  If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith 
discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires an applicable 
withholding agent to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable 
by a Loan Party under the Loan Documents to any Agent or any Lender, (i) if 
such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, the sum payable by any Loan Party shall be 
increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions 
(including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this 
Section 3.01(a)), each of such Agent and such Lender receives an amount 
equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, 
(ii) the applicable withholding agent shall make such deductions, and (iii) 
the applicable withholding agent shall pay the full amount deducted to the 
relevant taxing authority.  Within thirty (30) days after the date of the 
payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to 
this Section 3.01 (or, if receipts or evidence are not available within 
thirty (30) days, as soon as practicable thereafter), any Loan Party shall 
furnish to the Administrative Agent the original or a facsimile copy of a 
receipt evidencing payment thereof to the extent such a receipt has been 
made available to any Loan Party (or other evidence of payment reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent).  If a Loan Party fails to pay 
any Indemnified Taxes when due to the appropriate taxing authority or fails 
to remit to any Agent or any Lender the required receipts or other required 
documentary evidence that has been made available to any Loan Party, any 
Loan Party shall indemnify such Agent and such Lender for any incremental 
Taxes that may become payable by such Agent or such Lender arising out of 
such failure.
 
40
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(b)           Each Lender (including an Eligible Assignee to which a Lender 
assigns its interest in accordance with Section 10.07) that is not a 
“United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the 
Code (each a “Foreign Lender”) agrees to complete and deliver to the 
Borrowers and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which 
such Foreign Lender (or Eligible Assignee) becomes a party hereto and at 
the time or times prescribed by applicable Law, two (2) accurate, complete 
and original signed copies of whichever of the following is applicable:  
(i) IRS Form W-8BEN certifying that it is entitled to benefits under an 
income tax treaty to which the United States is a party; (ii) IRS Form 
W-ECI certifying that the income receivable pursuant to the Loan Documents 
is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the 
United States; (iii) if the Foreign Lender is not (A) a bank described in 
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a 10-percent shareholder described in 
Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (C) a controlled foreign corporation 
related to any Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the 
Code, a certificate to that effect in substantially the form attached 
hereto as Exhibit E-1, E-2, E-3 or E-4, as applicable (a “Non-Bank 
Certificate”) and an IRS Form W-8BEN, certifying that the Foreign Lender is 
not a United States person; (iv) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the 
beneficial owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, IRS Form W-8IMY (or 
any successor forms) of the Foreign Lender, accompanied by, as and to the 
extent applicable, a Form W-8BEN, Form W-ECI, Non-Bank Certificate, Form 
W-9 (or other successor forms) and any other required supporting 
information from each beneficial owner (it being understood that a Foreign 
Lender need not provide certificates or supporting documentation from 
beneficial owners if such Foreign Lender is able to establish, and does 
establish, to the reasonable satisfaction of the Parent and the 
Administrative Agent that payments to such Foreign Lender are, to the 
extent applicable, entitled to an exemption from or, if an exemption is not 
available, a reduction in the rate of, U.S. federal withholding taxes 
without providing such certificates or supporting documentation); or (v) 
any other form prescribed by applicable requirements of U.S. federal income 
tax law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. 
federal withholding tax duly completed together with such supplementary 
documentation as may be prescribed by applicable requirements of law to 
permit the Parent and the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding 
or deduction required to be made.  Each Foreign Lender agrees that if any 
form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this paragraph 
(b) expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall 
update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the 
Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.
 
(c)           In addition, each such Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it 
is legally entitled to do so, (i) promptly submit to the Parent and the 
Administrative Agent two (2) accurate, complete and original signed copies 
of such other or additional forms or certificates (or such successor forms 
or certificates as shall be adopted from time to time by the relevant 
taxing authorities) as may then be applicable or available to secure an 
exemption from or reduction in the rate of, or to determine the withholding 
or deduction required to be made on account of, U.S. federal withholding 
tax (A) on or before the date that such Foreign Lender’s most recently 
delivered form, certificate or other evidence expires or becomes obsolete 
or inaccurate in any material respect (or promptly notifies the Parent and 
Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so), (B) after 
the occurrence of a change in the Foreign Lender’s circumstances requiring 
a change in the most recent form, certificate or evidence previously 
delivered by it to the Parent and the Administrative Agent, and (C) from 
time to time thereafter if reasonably requested by a Borrower or the 
Administrative Agent, and (ii) promptly notify the Parent and the 
Administrative
 
41
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Agent of any change in the Foreign Lender’s circumstances which would 
modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction.
 
(d)           Each Lender that is a “United States person” (within the 
meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) (each a “U.S. Lender”) agrees 
to complete and deliver to the Parent and the Administrative Agent two (2) 
original copies of accurate, complete and signed IRS Form W-9 or successor 
form certifying that such U.S. Lender is not subject to United States 
backup withholding tax (i) on or prior to the Closing Date (or on or prior 
to the date it becomes a party to this Agreement), (ii) on or before the 
date that such form expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any 
material respect (or promptly notifies the Parent and Administrative Agent 
in writing of its legal inability to do so), (iii) after the occurrence of 
a change in such U.S. Lender’s circumstances requiring a change in the most 
recent form previously delivered by it to the Parent and the Administrative 
Agent, and (iv) from time to time thereafter if reasonably requested by the 
Parent or the Administrative Agent.
 
(e)           The Loan Parties agree to timely pay any and all present or 
future stamp, court or documentary taxes and any other excise, property, 
intangible or mortgage recording taxes or charges or similar levies which 
arise from any payment made under the Loan Documents or from the execution, 
delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, or otherwise with 
respect to, the Loan Documents (including additions to tax, penalties and 
interest related thereto) (all such non-excluded taxes described in this 
Section 3.01(e) being hereinafter referred to as “Other Taxes”).
 
(f)            If claims for any Indemnified Taxes are paid or payable by 
any Agent or Lender with respect to any payment received by such Agent or 
Lender in respect of the Loan Documents, such Agent or Lender may pay such 
Indemnified Taxes and the Loan Parties will promptly jointly and severally 
indemnify and hold harmless such Agent or Lender for the full amount of 
such Indemnified Taxes (and any Indemnified Taxes imposed on amounts 
payable under this Section 3.01), and any reasonable expenses arising 
therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes 
were correctly or legally imposed or asserted.  Payments under this Section 
3.01(f) shall be made within ten (10) days after the date the Parent 
receives written demand for payment from such Agent or Lender.  A 
certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the 
Parent by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the 
Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be 
conclusive absent manifest error.
 
(g)           Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative 
Agent for any and all Taxes (but, in the case of any Indemnified Taxes, 
only to the extent that the Borrowers have not already indemnified the 
Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the 
obligation of the Borrowers to do so) attributable to such Lender or 
attributable to such Lender’s failure to comply with Section 10.07(e) 
relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register that are paid or 
payable by the Administrative Agent in connection with the Loan Documents 
and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, 
whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by 
the relevant Governmental Authority.  The indemnity under this Section 
3.01(g) shall be paid within ten (10) days after the Administrative Agent 
delivers to the applicable Lender a certificate stating the amount of taxes 
so paid or payable by the Administrative Agent.  Such certificate shall be 
conclusive of the
 
42
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
amount so paid or payable absent manifest error.  Each Lender hereby 
authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all 
amounts at any time owing to such Lender under the Loan Documents or 
otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other 
source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this 
paragraph (g).
 
(h)           If a payment made to a Lender under the Loan Documents would 
be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender 
were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA 
(including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as 
applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Parent and the Administrative 
Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times 
reasonably requested by the Parent or the Administrative Agent such 
documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by 
Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation 
reasonably requested by the Parent or the Administrative Agent as may be 
necessary for the Parent and the Administrative Agent to comply with their 
obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with 
such Lender’s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct 
and withhold from such payment.  Solely for purposes of this clause (D), 
“FATCA” shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this 
Agreement.
 
(i)            If any Agent or any Lender determines, in its sole 
discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund in 
respect of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrowers, 
or with respect to which the Borrowers have paid additional amounts 
pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall promptly remit such refund (but 
only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, 
by the Borrowers under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving 
rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the 
Administrative Agent or such Lender and without interest (other than any 
interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such 
refund), provided that the Borrowers, upon the request of the 
Administrative Agent or such Lender, agree to repay the amount paid over to 
the Borrowers (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the 
relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender 
in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay 
such refund to such Governmental Authority.  Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this paragraph (i), in no event will the indemnified party 
be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this 
paragraph (i) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a 
less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have 
been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such 
refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the 
indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had 
never been paid.  The Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may 
be, shall provide the Parent with a copy of any notice of assessment or 
other evidence reasonably available of the requirement to repay such refund 
received from the relevant Governmental Authority (provided that such 
Lender or the Administrative Agent may delete any information therein that 
such Lender or the Administrative Agent deems confidential in its sole 
discretion).  This subsection shall not be construed to require the 
Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its Tax returns (or 
any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to 
the Borrowers or any other Person.
 
43
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(j)            The agreements in this Section 3.01 shall survive the 
resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of 
rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of this 
Agreement and the payment of the Term Loan and all other amounts payable 
hereunder.
 
Section 3.02.  [Reserved].
 
Section 3.03.  [Reserved].
 
Section 3.04.  Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy.
 
(a)           Increased Costs Generally.  If any Change in Law shall 
impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory 
loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits 
with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any 
Lender, and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the 
cost to such Lender, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or 
receivable by such Lender (whether of principal, interest or any other 
amount) then from time to time upon written demand of such Lender setting 
forth in reasonable detail the charge and the calculation of such 
additional costs or reduction suffered (with a copy of such demand to the 
Administrative Agent), the Borrowers will pay to such Lender such 
additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such 
additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.
 
(b)           Capital Requirements.  If any Lender determines that any 
Change in Law affecting such Lender or any Lending Office of such Lender or 
such Lender’s holding company, if any, regarding capital requirements has 
or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender’s 
capital or on the capital of such Lender’s holding company, if any, as a 
consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Term 
Loan made by it to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender’s 
holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into 
consideration such Lender’s policies and the policies of such Lender’s 
holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time 
upon demand of such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the charge 
and the calculation of such reduced rate of return (with a copy of such 
demand to the Administrative Agent), the Borrowers will pay to such Lender, 
as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate 
such Lender or such Lender’s holding company for any such reduction 
suffered.
 
(c)           Certificates for Reimbursement.  A certificate of a Lender 
setting forth, in reasonable detail, the calculation of the amount or 
amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the 
case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 3.04 and 
delivered to the Borrowers shall be conclusive absent manifest or 
demonstrable error.  The Borrowers shall pay such Lender, as the case may 
be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within fifteen (15) 
days after receipt thereof.
 
(d)           Delay in Requests.  Failure or delay on the part of any 
Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this 
Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s right to demand 
such compensation, provided that the Borrowers shall not be required to 
compensate a Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 
3.04 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than one 
hundred and eighty (180)
 
44
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrowers of the 
Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such 
Lender’s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the 
Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is 
retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to 
include the period of retroactive effect thereof).
 
Section 3.05.  [Reserved].
 
Section 3.06.  Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation.
 
(a)           Designation of a Different Lending Office.  If any Lender 
requests compensation under Section 3.04, or the Borrowers are required to 
pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for 
the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, or if any Lender gives 
a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then such Lender shall use reasonable 
efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its 
Term Loan hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to 
another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such 
Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce 
amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in 
the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02, 
as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any 
material unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be 
disadvantageous to such Lender in any material economic, legal or 
regulatory respect.
 
(b)           [Reserved].
 
Section 3.07.  Replacement of Lenders under Certain Circumstances.  If (i) 
the Borrowers are required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or 
any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to 
Section 3.01, or (ii) any Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender (as defined 
below), then the Borrowers may, at their sole expense and effort, upon 
notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such 
Non-Consenting Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in 
accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents 
required by, Section 10.07), all of its interests, rights and obligations 
under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to one or more Eligible 
Assignees that shall assume such obligations (any of which assignee may be 
another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that:
 
(a)           the Administrative Agent shall have received the assignment 
fee specified in Section 10.07(b)(iv), if any;
 
(b)           such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to 
the outstanding principal of its Term Loan, accrued interest thereon, 
accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the 
other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05) from the 
assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest 
and fees) or the Borrowers (in the case of all other amounts);
 
(c)           such Lender being replaced pursuant to this Section 3.07 
shall (i) execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with respect to 
such Lender’s Commitment and outstanding Term Loan, and (ii) deliver any 
Notes evidencing such Term Loan to the Borrowers or Administrative Agent 
(or a lost or destroyed note indemnity in lieu thereof); provided that the
 
45
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
failure of any such Lender to execute an Assignment and Assumption or 
deliver such Notes shall not render such sale and purchase (and the 
corresponding assignment) invalid and such assignment shall be recorded in 
the Register and the Notes shall be deemed to be canceled upon such 
failure;
 
(d)           the Eligible Assignee shall become a Lender hereunder (if not 
already a Lender hereunder) and the assigning Lender shall cease to 
constitute a Lender hereunder with respect to such assigned Term Loan, 
Commitments and participations, except with respect to indemnification 
provisions under this Agreement, which shall survive as to such assigning 
Lender;
 
(e)           in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for 
compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to 
Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such 
compensation or payments thereafter; and
 
(f)            such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws.
 
In the event that (i) a Borrower or the Administrative Agent has requested 
that the Lenders consent to a departure or waiver of any provisions of the 
Loan Documents or agree to any amendment thereto, (ii) the consent, waiver 
or amendment in question requires the agreement of each Lender, all 
affected Lenders or all the Lenders or all affected Lenders with respect to 
the Term Loan and (iii) the Required Lenders have agreed to such consent, 
waiver or amendment, then any Lender who does not agree to such consent, 
waiver or amendment shall be deemed a “Non-Consenting Lender”.
 
A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation 
if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the 
circumstances entitling the Borrowers to require such assignment and 
delegation cease to apply.
 
Section 3.08.  Survival.  All of the Borrowers’ obligations under this 
Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, 
repayment of all other Obligations hereunder and resignation of the 
Administrative Agent.
 
ARTICLE IV
 
Conditions Precedent to the Term Loan
 
Section 4.01.  Conditions to the Term Loan.  The obligation of each Lender 
to fund the Term Loan hereunder on the Closing Date is subject to 
satisfaction of the following conditions precedent, except as otherwise 
agreed among the Parent and the Administrative Agent:
 
(a)           The Administrative Agent’s receipt of the following, each of 
which shall be originals or facsimiles (followed promptly by originals) 
unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer 
of the signing Loan Party each in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its legal counsel:
 
    (i)            executed counterparts of this Agreement;
 
46
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (ii)           a Note executed by each Borrower in favor of each Lender
    that has requested a Note at least one (1) Business Day in advance of
    the Closing Date;
     
    (iii)          subject to Section 6.17, each Loan Document required to
    be delivered hereunder on the Closing Date, duly executed by each Loan
    Party thereto;
     
    (iv)          a duly executed Perfection Certificate with respect to
    all Loan Parties;
     
    (v)           such certificates of good standing from the applicable
    secretary of state of the state of organization of each Loan Party,
    certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates
    and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each such Person
    as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require attaching and
    certifying to the Organization Documents of each such Person and
    evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible
    Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in
    connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which
    such Person is a party or is to be a party on the Closing Date;
     
    (vi)          evidence that all other actions, recordings and filings
    that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably necessary to satisfy
    the Guarantee Requirement shall have been taken, completed or otherwise
    provided for in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative
    Agent, in each case except for actions required to be taken under 
    Section 6.17;
     
    (vii)         legal opinions of Wuersch & Gering LLP, counsel to the
    Loan Parties, and such local counsel as the Administrative Agent may
    reasonably require, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
    to the Administrative Agent, dated the Closing Date, and addressed to
    the Administrative Agent and the Lenders;
     
    (viii)        a solvency certificate from the chief financial officer
    of the Parent (after giving effect to the Transaction) substantially in
    the form attached hereto as Exhibit G;
     
    (ix)          evidence that all insurance required to be maintained
    pursuant to the Loan Documents has been obtained and is in effect and
    all premiums thereon paid;
     
    (x)           the Senior Subordination Agreement, duly authorized,
    executed and delivered by the Administrative Agent and the Senior
    Administrative Agent, and acknowledged by the Loan Parties; and
     
    (xi)          fully executed copies of each of the Senior Documents.
     
(b)           All fees and expenses required to be paid hereunder (to the 
extent invoiced prior to the Closing Date) shall have been paid in full in 
cash (or arrangements satisfactory to the Administrative Agent shall have 
been made for payment of such amounts immediately upon the making of the 
initial Term Loan hereunder).
 
(c)           The Administrative Agent shall have received all closing 
certificates, corporate documents, evidence of authorization, forms and 
information required by the SBA, including without limitation SBA Forms 
480, 652 and 1031, Part A and other agreements, instruments and
 
47
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
documents in respect of any aspect or consequence of the Transaction as the 
Administrative Agent may reasonably request, all of which shall be in form 
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.
 
(d)           The Administrative Agent shall have received true and correct 
copies of recent Lien, tax and judgment search in each jurisdiction 
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent with respect to the Loan 
Parties and such Lien searches shall reveal no Liens (including any liens 
relating to any supplier contracts) other than Permitted Liens.
 
(e)           Immediately after giving effect to the Transaction and 
substantially simultaneously with the making of the Term Loan on the 
Closing Date, the outstanding Senior Indebtedness under or in respect of 
the Senior Documents shall have been reduced to an aggregate amount not to 
exceed [$    ,000,000](1).
 
(f)            [Reserved].
 
(g)           The Administrative Agent shall have received the Annual 
Financial Statements and the Quarterly Financial Statements.
 
(h)           The Administrative Agent shall have received the Pro Forma 
Financial Statements, together with a statement of sources and uses for the 
Transaction.
 
(i)            The Administrative Agent shall have received at least two 
(2) Business Days prior to the Closing Date all documentation and other 
information reasonably requested in writing by it reasonably in advance of 
such date in order to allow the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to 
comply with applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules 
and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act.
 
(j)            The Administrative Agent shall be reasonably satisfied with 
the results of its due diligence, including the results of real estate and 
equipment appraisals and any environmental due diligence reasonably 
requested by the Administrative Agent.
 
(k)           Since September 30, 2014, there shall not have occurred a 
Material Adverse Effect.
 
(l)            The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate 
of a Responsible Officer of the Parent that, on the Closing Date, the 
Parent has heretofore delivered to the Administrative Agent true and 
complete copies of all Material Contracts (including all amendments 
thereto) and that all such Material Contracts are in full force and effect 
and no material breach or default exists thereunder (which shall include, 
without limitation, any breach or default which could reasonably be 
expected to result in a termination of such Material Contract).
 
(m)          There shall not exist any claim, action, suit, investigation, 
insolvency, injunction, litigation or proceeding (including, without 
limitation, member or derivative litigation) which is
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  (1) Amount to be confirmed by Citizens
 
48
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
pending or threatened in any court or before any arbitrator or governmental 
authority which relates to the transactions contemplated hereby or which, 
in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, has any reasonable likelihood 
of having a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(n)           All governmental and third party approvals and licenses 
(including any necessary equityholder approvals and approvals of the 
holders of any Indebtedness) necessary or, in the reasonable discretion of 
the Administrative Agent, advisable in connection with the Transaction and 
the continuing operations of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries shall 
have been obtained and be in full force and effect and all applicable 
waiting periods shall have expired without any action being taken or 
threatened by any competent Governmental Authority that would restrain, 
prevent or otherwise impose adverse conditions on the Transaction, and a 
certificate of the Parent’s Responsible Officer either (i) attaching copies 
of all such or any part thereof consents, licenses and approvals required 
in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrowers 
and the validity against the Borrowers of each Loan Document to which it is 
a party, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force 
and effect, or (ii) stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals 
are so required.
 
(o)           The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate 
from a Responsible Officer of the Parent confirming the accuracy of the 
representations and warranties in the Loan Documents in all material 
respects and the absence of any Default or Event of Default on the Closing 
Date.
 
Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of 
Section 9.03, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions 
specified in this Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement 
shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be 
satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be 
consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender 
unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender 
prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.
 
ARTICLE V
 
Representations and Warranties
 
The Borrowers represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and the 
Lenders that:
 
Section 5.01.  Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws and 
Business.  Each Loan Party (a) is a Person duly organized or formed, 
validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of 
its incorporation or organization (to the extent such concept exists in 
such jurisdiction), (b) has all corporate or other organizational power and 
authority to (i) own its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, 
deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is 
a party and to consummate the Transaction, (c) is duly qualified and in 
good standing (to the extent such concept exists) under the Laws of each 
jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the 
conduct of its business requires such qualification, (d) is in compliance 
with all applicable Laws, orders, writs, injunctions and orders and (e) has 
all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals 
to operate its business as currently conducted; except in each case 
referred to in
 
49
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
clause (c), (d) or (e), to the extent that failure to do so would not 
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a 
Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 5.02.  Authorization; No Contravention.  (a) The execution, 
delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which 
such Person is a party, and the consummation of the Transaction on the 
Closing Date, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other 
organizational action, and (b) neither the execution, delivery and 
performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which any Loan 
Party is a party nor the consummation of the Transaction will (i) 
contravene the terms of any of any Loan Party’s Organization Documents, 
(ii) violate or result in a default or require any consent or approval 
under (x) any Contractual Obligation or other document binding upon any 
Loan Party or its property or to which any Loan Party or its property is 
subject, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be 
made by any Loan Party, except for violations, defaults or the creation of 
such rights that could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material 
Adverse Effect or (y) any Organization Document, (iii) result in any breach 
or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien upon any of the property 
or assets of any Loan Party (other than as permitted by Section 7.01) under 
(A) any Contractual Obligation to which any Loan Party is a party or 
affecting any Loan Party or the properties of such Person or (B) any order, 
injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral 
award to which any Loan Party or its property is subject; or (iv) violate 
any applicable Law, except with respect to any breach, contravention or 
violation (but not creation of Liens) referred to in clauses (ii) and (iii) 
, to the extent that such breach, contravention or violation would not 
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a 
Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 5.03.  Governmental Authorization.  No material approval, consent, 
exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, 
any Governmental Authority is necessary or required in connection with the 
execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan 
Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for the consummation 
on the Closing Date of the Transaction, except for (i) the approvals, 
consents, exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings that 
have been duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and 
effect and (ii) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or 
other actions, notices or filings, the failure of which to obtain or make 
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, 
a Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 5.04.  Binding Effect.  This Agreement and each other Loan Document 
has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party 
thereto.  This Agreement and each other Loan Document constitutes a legal, 
valid and binding obligation of any Loan Party, enforceable against any 
Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms, except as 
such enforceability may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws and by general 
principles of equity and principles of good faith and fair dealing.
 
Section 5.05.  Material Contracts.
 
(a)           The Borrowers have provided the Administrative Agent complete 
copies of all Material Contracts which exist on the Closing Date.  Each 
Material Contract existing on the Closing Date is listed on Schedule 
5.05(a).
 
50
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(b)           Each Material Contract has been duly authorized, executed and 
delivered by each Loan Party thereto, is in full force and effect and is 
binding upon and enforceable against each Loan Party thereto and, to the 
Borrowers’ knowledge, all other parties thereto in accordance with its 
terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by Debtor Relief Laws 
and by general principles of equity and principles of good faith and fair 
dealing.
 
(c)           No Borrower is in breach or default of any Material Contract 
in any material respect (which shall include, without limitation, any 
breach which could reasonably be expected to result in a termination of 
such Material Contract) and, to the knowledge of the Borrowers’, no other 
party to a Material Contract is in breach or default in any material 
respect thereunder.
 
Section 5.06.  Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect; No Default
.
 
(a)           (i)            The Annual Financial Statements and the 
Quarterly Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the 
financial condition the of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, as of the dates 
thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in 
accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods covered 
thereby, (A) except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (B) subject, 
in the case of the Quarterly Financial Statements, to changes resulting 
from normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes.
 
    (ii)           The unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheet of
    the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries as of the last day of the most
    recently completed quarterly period ended at least thirty (30) days
    prior to the Closing Date (but not more than forty-five (45) days prior
    to the Closing Date), prepared after giving effect to the Transaction
    as if the Transaction had occurred as of such date (including the notes
    thereto) (the “Pro Forma Balance Sheet”) and the unaudited pro forma
    consolidated statement of income of the Borrowers and their
    Subsidiaries for the 12-month period ended on such date, prepared after
    giving effect to the Transaction as if the Transaction had occurred at
    the beginning of such period (together with the Pro Forma Balance
    Sheet, the “Pro Forma Financial Statements”), copies of which have
    heretofore been furnished to the Administrative Agent, have been
    prepared based on the Annual Financial Statements and the Quarterly
    Financial Statements and have been prepared in good faith, based on
    assumptions believed by the Borrowers to be reasonable at the time
    made, it being understood that projections as to future events are not
    to be viewed as facts, are subject to certain inherent uncertainties,
    and results may vary materially from such forecasts.
     
(b)           Since September 30, 2014, there has been no event or 
circumstance that, either individually or in the aggregate, has had or 
would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(c)           The forecasts of consolidated balance sheets, income 
statements and cash flow statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries 
for each fiscal year ending after the Closing Date until the fifth 
anniversary of the Closing Date, copies of which have been furnished to the 
Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date, and all the Projections 
delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 have been prepared in good faith on the 
basis of the assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time made, it 
being understood that projections as to future events are not to be
 
51
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
viewed as facts, are subject to certain inherent uncertainties and actual 
results may vary materially from such forecasts.
 
(d)           No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing.
 
Section 5.07.  Litigation.  There are no actions, suits, investigations, 
proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Parent, 
threatened, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental 
Authority, by or against the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries that would 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 5.08.  Labor Matters.  Except as would not reasonably be expected 
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect:  (a) 
there are no strikes or other labor disputes against the Parent or any of 
its Subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened; 
(b) hours worked by and payment made to employees of each of the Parent or 
its Subsidiaries have not been in material violation of the Fair Labor 
Standards Act or any other applicable Laws dealing with wage and hour 
matters; (c) there exists no worker’s compensation liability, experience or 
other matter; (d) to the knowledge of the Parent, after due inquiry, there 
is no threatened or pending liability against any Borrower or any of its 
Subsidiaries pursuant to the Worker Adjustment Retraining and Notification 
Act of 1988 (“WARN”), or any similar state or local law; (e) there is no 
employment-related charge, complaint, grievance, investigation, unfair 
labor practice claim, or inquiry of any kind, pending against the Parent or 
any of its Subsidiaries; and (f) to the knowledge of the Parent, after due 
inquiry, no employee or agent of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has 
committed any act or omission giving rise to liability for any violation 
identified in subsection (d) and (e) above.
 
Section 5.09.  Ownership of Property; Liens.  Each Loan Party and each of 
its Subsidiaries has marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold 
interests in, or easements or other limited property interests in, all real 
property owned or used by it free and clear of all Liens except for Liens 
permitted by Section 7.01 and except where the failure to have such title 
or other interest would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or 
in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 5.10.  Environmental Matters.
 
(a)           Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, 
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Loan 
Party and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable 
Environmental Laws in those jurisdictions in which each Loan Party and each 
of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, is currently doing business 
(including having obtained all Environmental Permits) and (ii) none of the 
Loan Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries has become subject to 
any pending, or to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened Environmental 
Claim or any other Environmental Liability.
 
(b)           None of the Loan Parties or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries has treated, stored, transported or disposed of Hazardous 
Materials at or from any currently or formerly operated real estate or 
facility relating to its business in a manner that would reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
52
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)           Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, 
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect:  (i) no 
proceeding against any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries is pending, 
no notice, notification, demand, request for information, citation, summons 
or order has been received by any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries, 
no complaint has been filed against any Loan Party or any of their 
Subsidiaries, no penalty has been assessed against any Loan Party or any of 
their Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of the Parent, no investigation or 
review involving any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries is pending 
and, to the Parent’s knowledge, none of the foregoing is threatened by any 
Governmental Authority or other Person against any Loan Party or any of 
their Subsidiaries:  (A) with respect to any violation or alleged violation 
of any Environmental Law in connection with the property, operations or 
conduct of business of the Loan Parties; (B) with respect to any failure or 
alleged failure under any Governmental Approval relating to Hazardous 
Materials or relating to compliance with any Environmental Law required in 
connection with the property, operations or conduct of the business of the 
Borrowers and their Subsidiaries; or (C) with respect to any presence, 
generation, treatment, storage, discharge, recycling, transportation or 
disposal or release, of any Hazardous Materials generated by the operations 
of business, or located on, under or at any property of, the Borrowers; 
(ii) to the Borrowers’ knowledge: (A) Hazardous Materials are not migrating 
from any property now or previously owned by any Borrower or leased by any 
Borrower, in either case in such quantities or conditions so as to require 
removal or other response or remedial action by any Loan Party or any of 
their Subsidiaries which has not yet been taken, or give rise to liability 
of any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries under any applicable 
Environmental Law; and (B) none of such properties has been used by any 
Borrower, or to the Borrowers’ knowledge any other Person, as a dump site 
or as a treatment, disposal or storage site (whether permanent or 
temporary) for any Hazardous Materials; and (iii) to the Borrowers’ 
knowledge there are no underground storage tanks which have been used by 
any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries to store or contain any 
Hazardous Materials, active or abandoned, at any property now or previously 
owned or leased by any Borrower; and
 
(d)           Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, 
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, no Borrower 
nor any business conducted by a Borrower has transported or arranged for 
the transportation and/or disposal (directly or indirectly) of any 
Hazardous Materials to or at any location which is listed or, to the 
Borrowers’ knowledge, proposed for listing under the Comprehensive 
Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, or any 
comparable successor federal statute (“CERCLA”), the Comprehensive 
Environment Response, Compensation and Liability System (“CERCLIS”) or any 
similar state list or is a site that is the subject of federal, state or 
local enforcement action or, to the Borrowers’ knowledge, investigation 
under Environmental Laws concerning environmental conditions, nor is any 
property now or previously owned or leased by any Borrower listed or, to 
the Borrowers’ knowledge, proposed for listing on any such list.
 
Section 5.11.  Solvency.  The Parent and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated 
basis are Solvent.
 
Section 5.12.  Taxes.  Except as would not, either individually or in the 
aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, 
the Parent and its Subsidiaries have timely filed all Federal and other Tax 
returns required to be filed, and have timely paid all Federal and other 
Taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges, in each case, in 
the
 
53
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
nature of a Tax (including satisfying its withholding Tax obligations) 
levied or imposed on their properties, income or assets or otherwise due 
and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by 
appropriate actions diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves 
have been provided in accordance with GAAP.  No Tax Lien has been filed, 
and, to the knowledge of the Parent no written claim is being asserted, 
with respect to any such Tax, assessment, fee or other governmental charge, 
in each case, in the nature of a Tax, which is not being contested in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Neither Parent nor any 
Subsidiary thereof is party to any tax sharing agreement.
 
Section 5.13.  ERISA Compliance.
 
(a)           Except as set forth in Schedule 5.13(a) or as would not, 
either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result 
in a Material Adverse Effect, each Plan is in compliance with the 
applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or state Laws.
 
(b)           (i) No ERISA Event has occurred within the five-year period 
prior to the date on which this representation is made or deemed made or to 
the knowledge of any Loan Party is reasonably expected to occur; (ii) no 
Pension Plan has failed to satisfy the minimum funding standards (within 
the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable 
to such Pension Plan; (iii) none of the Loan Parties or any of their 
respective ERISA Affiliates has incurred, or reasonably expects to incur, 
any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice 
under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such liability) under Sections 
4201 et seq. or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a Multiemployer Plan; (iv) 
none of the Loan Parties or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has 
engaged in a transaction that is subject to Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of 
ERISA; and (v) neither any Loan Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has been 
notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan that such Multiemployer 
Plan is in reorganization (within the meaning of ERISA), insolvent (within 
the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA) or has been determined to be in 
“endangered” or critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the 
Code or Section 305 of ERISA) and no such Multiemployer Plan is expected to 
be in reorganization, insolvent or endangered or critical status, except, 
with respect to each of the foregoing clauses of this Section 5.11(b), as 
would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to 
result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 5.14.  Subsidiaries.  As of the Closing Date, no Loan Party has any 
Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.14, and 
all of the outstanding Equity Interests in the Parent have been validly 
issued and are fully paid and (if applicable) nonassessable, and all Equity 
Interests owned by any Loan Party are owned free and clear of all security 
interests of any Person (other than the Senior Administrative Agent).  As 
of the Closing Date, Schedule 5.14 sets forth the name and jurisdiction of 
each Subsidiary, and (b) sets forth the ownership of the Parent and any 
other Subsidiary in each Subsidiary, including the percentage of such 
ownership.
 
Section 5.15.  Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act.  No Loan Party 
is engaged nor will it engage, principally or as one of its important 
activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock (within 
the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the 
purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock, and no proceeds of the Term 
Loan will be used for any purpose that violates Regulation T, U or X issued 
by the FRB. No Loan
 
54
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Party is required to be registered as an “investment company” under the 
Investment Company Act of 1940.
 
Section 5.16.  Disclosure.  None of the information and data furnished in 
writing by or on behalf of any Loan Party to any Agent or any Lender on or 
before the Closing Date in connection with the transactions contemplated 
hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or any 
other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so 
furnished) when taken as a whole contains any material misstatement of fact 
or omits to state any material fact necessary to make such information and 
data (taken as a whole), in the light of the circumstances under which it 
was delivered, not materially misleading; it being understood that for 
purposes of this Section 5.16, such information and data shall not include 
projections and pro forma financial information or information of a general 
economic or general industry nature.
 
Section 5.17.  [Reserved].
 
Section 5.18.  Intellectual Property; Licenses. etc.  The Parent and its 
Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to, or a valid license or (to 
the knowledge of the Parent) right to use, all patents, patent rights, 
trademarks, servicemarks, trade names, copyrights, technology, software, 
know-how database rights, rights of privacy and publicity, licenses and 
other intellectual property rights (collectively, “Intellectual Property”) 
that are necessary for the operation of their respective businesses as 
currently conducted, except where the failure to have any such rights, 
either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected 
to have a Material Adverse Effect.  To the knowledge of the Parent, the 
operation of the respective businesses of the Parent or any of its 
Subsidiaries as currently conducted does not infringe upon, misuse, 
misappropriate or violate any rights held by any Person except for such 
infringements, misuses, misappropriations or violations individually or in 
the aggregate, that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect.  No claim or litigation regarding any Intellectual Property 
is pending or, to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened against any Loan 
Party or Subsidiary, that, either individually or in the aggregate, could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 5.19.  Insurance.  The Parent and its Subsidiaries and all of their 
property are insured with insurance companies and in amounts that satisfy 
the requirements of Section 6.07.  All such insurance is in full force and 
effect, all premiums are paid current and no notices of termination for any 
required policy has been received by any Loan Party.
 
Section 5.20.  Compliance with Laws.
 
(a)           Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance 
in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, 
writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, 
except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, 
writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate 
proceedings diligently conducted (and each such instance as of the Closing 
Date is set forth on Schedule 5.20(a)) or (b) the failure to comply 
therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
55
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)           To the knowledge of the Parent, with respect to the business 
of the Parent and its Subsidiaries there are no pending appeals, 
adjustments, audits, inquiries, investigations, proceedings, or notices of 
intent to audit or investigate by any Governmental Authority or third-party 
payer against any Borrower, any of their Subsidiaries or any of the 
Borrower’s or its Subsidiaries’ directors, members, employees, officers or 
managers, its agents or independent contractors.
 
Section 5.21.  Use of Proceeds.  The proceeds of the Term Loan shall be 
used, either directly or indirectly, (i) to repay, on a pro rata basis, a 
portion of the “Term Loan” and “Delayed Draw Term Loan” constituting 
outstanding Senior Indebtedness, (ii) to pay transaction fees and expenses 
in connection with the Transaction and (iii) for working capital and 
general corporate purposes of the Borrowers and their respective 
Subsidiaries from time to time permitted under this Agreement.
 
Section 5.22.  USA PATRIOT Act.  To the extent applicable, each of the 
Parent and its Subsidiaries is in compliance, in all material respects, 
with (i) the Trading with the Enemy Act, and each of the foreign assets 
control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR 
Subtitle B, Chapter V) and any other enabling legislation or executive 
order relating thereto and (ii) the USA PATRIOT Act.  No part of the 
proceeds of the Term Loan will be used, directly or indirectly, for any 
payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, 
official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone 
else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct 
business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United 
States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977.
 
Section 5.23.  Anti-Terrorism.  No Loan Party, nor any Affiliate thereof 
nor any present stockholder thereof appears on any list of “Specially 
Designated Nationals” or known or suspected terrorists that has been 
generated by OFAC, nor is any Loan Party, Affiliate or stockholder thereof 
a citizen or resident of any country that is subject to embargo or trade 
sanctions enforced by OFAC, or otherwise is a Person (i) whose property or 
interest in property is blocked or subject to blocking pursuant to Section 
1 of Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 Blocking Property and 
Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or 
Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)), (ii) who engages in any 
dealings or transactions prohibited by Section 2 of such executive order, 
or, to its knowledge, is otherwise associated with any such person in any 
manner violative of Section 2, or (iii) subject to the limitations or 
prohibitions under any other OFAC regulation or executive order.
 
Section 5.24.  Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions.  The Parent and its 
Subsidiaries have implemented and maintains in effect policies and 
procedures designed to effect compliance in all material respects by the 
Parent, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, 
employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, 
and to the knowledge of the Parent, the Parent, its Subsidiaries and their 
respective officers, employees, directors and agents, in each case, when 
acting on behalf of the Parent or any Subsidiary, are in compliance with 
Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects.  
None of (a) the Parent or any Subsidiary or (b) to the knowledge of the 
Parent, any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or any 
agent of the Parent or any Subsidiary that acts in any capacity on behalf 
of the Parent or any Subsidiary in connection with or benefits from the 
credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person.  The Term Loan 
or use of the proceeds
 
56
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
thereof by the Parent or any Subsidiary will not, to the knowledge of the 
Parent, result in a violation in any material respect of Anti-Corruption 
Laws or applicable Sanctions by any party hereto.
 
ARTICLE VI
 
Affirmative Covenants
 
So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder or the Term Loan 
or other Obligation hereunder (other than contingent indemnification 
obligations as to which no claim has been asserted) shall remain unpaid or 
unsatisfied, the Borrowers and the Parent shall, and shall cause each of 
the Subsidiaries of the Parent to:
 
Section 6.01.  Financial Statements.  Deliver to the Administrative Agent 
for prompt further distribution to each Lender each of the following and 
shall take the following actions:
 
(a)           (i) as soon as available, but in any event within one hundred 
twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Parent and its 
Subsidiaries, a copy of the consolidated and consolidating balance sheet of 
the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and the 
related consolidated and consolidating statements of income, retained 
earnings or stockholders’ capital and cash flows of the Parent and its 
Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, together with related notes thereto and 
management’s discussion and analysis describing results of operations, 
setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous 
fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, 
audited and accompanied by a report and opinion of an independent certified 
public accounting firm reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
(it being agreed that Hein & Associates LLP is satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent), which report and opinion shall be prepared in 
accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be 
subject to any “going concern” or like qualification or exception (except 
for such a qualification or exception arising solely from the current 
scheduled maturity of the Term Loan) or any qualification or exception as 
to the scope of such audit and (ii) (if and when available) copies of all 
management letters prepared by such accountants;
 
(b)           as soon as available, but in any event within fifty (50) days 
after the end of each of the first three (3) fiscal quarters of the Parent 
and its Subsidiaries, the consolidated and consolidating unaudited balance 
sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal 
quarter and the consolidated and consolidating unaudited statements of 
income and retained earnings (or stockholders’ capital) and cash flows of 
the Parent  and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and for the 
portion of the fiscal year then ended, setting forth in each case in 
comparative form the current Projections and cumulative figures for the 
previous period (previous comparable fiscal quarter and previous comparable 
fiscal year to date) together with a report on the Parent’s operating 
statistics in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, 
all in reasonable detail and certified by a Responsible Officer of the 
Parent as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Parent and its 
Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (subject to normal year-end 
adjustments and the absence of footnotes), together with management’s 
discussion and analysis describing results of operations;
 
57
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)           as soon as available, but in any event within thirty (30) 
days after the end of each calendar month of the Parent and its 
Subsidiaries, the consolidated and consolidating unaudited balance sheet of 
the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such month and the 
consolidated and consolidating unaudited statements of income and retained 
earnings (or stockholders’ capital) and cash flows of the Parent  and its 
Subsidiaries for such month and for the portion of the fiscal year then 
ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form the current 
Projections and cumulative figures for the previous month (previous 
comparable month and previous comparable fiscal year to date) together with 
a report on the Parent’s operating statistics in a form reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, all in reasonable detail and 
certified by a Responsible Officer of the Parent as fairly presenting in 
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and 
cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, 
(subject to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes);
 
(d)           within thirty (30) days after the beginning of each fiscal 
year, a reasonably detailed monthly consolidated budget of the Parent and 
its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year (including forecasted balance sheets, 
statements of income and loss and cash flows and setting forth the material 
underlying assumptions applicable thereto) (collectively, the “Projections
”), which Projections shall in each case be accompanied by a certificate of 
a Responsible Officer stating that such Projections have been prepared in 
good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which 
assumptions were believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation of 
such Projections, it being understood that projections as to future events 
are not to be viewed as facts, are subject to certain inherent 
uncertainties, that actual results may vary from such Projections and that 
such variations may be material; and
 
(e)           at a time mutually agreed with the Administrative Agent that 
is reasonably promptly after the delivery of the information required 
pursuant to clause (a) above, participate in a conference call for Lenders 
to discuss the financial condition and results of operations of the Parent 
and its Subsidiaries for the most recently-ended fiscal year for which 
financial statements have been delivered.
 
All financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Sections 
6.01(a) and 6.01(b) shall be prepared in reasonable detail and in 
accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected 
therein (except for changes approved by the Administrative Agent or 
required by the independent certified public accountants certifying such 
statements and disclosed therein).
 
Section 6.02.  Certificates; Other Information.  Deliver to the 
Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each Lender:
 
(a)           concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements 
referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b), a duly completed Compliance 
Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Parent;
 
(b)           promptly after the filing thereof, the “Annual Returns” (Form 
5500 series) and attachments filed annually with the Internal Revenue 
Service with respect to each Single Employer Plan, if any, of the Loan 
Parties;
 
58
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)           with respect to any Single Employer Plan adopted or amended 
by the Parent on or after the Closing Date, any determination letters 
received from the Internal Revenue Service with respect to the 
qualification of such Single Employer Plan, as initially adopted or amended 
under Section 401(a) of the Code
 
(d)           promptly, such additional information regarding the business, 
legal, financial or corporate affairs of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, 
or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative 
Agent may from time to time on its own behalf or on behalf of any Lender 
reasonably request;
 
(e)           promptly, and in any event with five (5) Business Days after 
the receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof, copies of 
each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable 
agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any 
investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such agency 
regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan Party or any 
Subsidiary thereof; and
 
(f)            promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days of 
receipt thereof, provide Administrative Agent with (a) true and complete 
copies of other material documents delivered or received by any Loan Party 
or any Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of the Senior Documents, and all 
notices (including default notices but excluding notices of borrowing and 
notices of conversion/continuation), amendments and forbearances relating 
to the loans made pursuant to the Senior Documents, including, without 
limitation, (i) copies of all notices relating to proposed amendments, 
consents, waivers and other modifications to the Senior Documents, (ii) 
details of any defaults or events of default under the Senior Credit 
Agreement, and (iii) copies of all notices relating to defaults and events 
of default under the Senior Documents.
 
Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a), (b) or (c) 
may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to 
have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Parent posts such 
documents, or provides a link thereto on the Parent’s website on the 
Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02, or (ii) on which 
such documents are posted on the Parent’s behalf on IntraLinks/IntraAgency 
or another relevant website, if any, to which each Lender and the 
Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website 
or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that:  (A) upon 
written request by the Administrative Agent, the Parent shall deliver paper 
copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent for further 
distribution to each Lender until a written request to cease delivering 
paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent and (B) the Parent shall 
notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative 
Agent of the posting of any such documents and provide to the 
Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft 
copies) of such documents.  Each Lender shall be solely responsible for 
timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of 
such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining its copies of 
such documents.
 
The Parent hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent will make 
available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on 
behalf of the Borrowers hereunder (collectively, “Borrower Materials”) by 
posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic 
system (the “Platform”) and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a “Public 
Lender”) may have personnel who  do not wish to receive material non-public
 
59
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
information with respect to the Parent or its Subsidiaries, or the 
respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in 
investment and other market-related activities with respect to such 
Persons’ securities.  The Parent hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower 
Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly 
and conspicuously marked “PUBLIC” which, at a minimum; shall mean that the 
word “PUBLIC” shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by 
marking Borrower Materials “PUBLIC,” the Parent and the Borrowers shall be 
deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to treat 
such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public 
information with respect to the Borrowers or their securities for purposes 
of United States Federal and state securities laws provided, however, that 
to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be 
treated as set forth in Section 10.08); (y) all Borrower Materials marked 
“PUBLIC” are permitted to be made available through a portion of the 
Platform designated “Public Side Information”; and (z) the Administrative 
Agent shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked 
“PUBLIC” as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform 
not designated “Public Side Information”.
 
Section 6.03.  Notices.  Promptly after a Responsible Officer obtains 
knowledge thereof, give written notice to the Administrative Agent for 
prompt further distribution to the Lenders:
 
(a)           of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default;
 
(b)           of (i) any substantial dispute, litigation, investigation of 
which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary has knowledge or proceeding between 
any Loan Party or any Subsidiary and any arbitrator or Governmental 
Authority, (ii) the filing or commencement of, or any material development 
in, any litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party or any 
Subsidiary, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws or in 
respect of Intellectual Property or rights with respect thereto, in which 
the amount in controversy is alleged to be $500,000 or more or in which 
injunctive or similar relief is sought, or (iii) any noncompliance by any 
Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries with, or liability under, any 
Environmental Law, Environmental Permit or other permit except, in the case 
of clause (iii) only, as would not be expected, individually or in the 
aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
 
(c)           of the following events, as soon as possible and in any event 
within thirty (30) days after any Loan Party knows or has reason to know 
thereof:  (i) the occurrence or imminent occurrence of any Reportable Event 
with respect to any Plan, (ii) the institution of proceedings or the taking 
or imminent taking of any other action by PBGC, the Parent or any 
Subsidiary to terminate, withdraw or partially withdraw from any Plan, or 
(iii) the reorganization or insolvency of any Multiemployer Plan, and, in 
addition to such notice, deliver to the Administrative Agent whichever of 
the following may be applicable:  (A) a certificate of a Responsible 
Officer of the Parent setting forth details as to such Reportable Event and 
the action that the such Borrower proposes to take with respect thereto, 
together with a copy of any notice of such Reportable Event that may be 
required to be filed with PBGC, or (B) any notice delivered by PBGC 
evidencing its intent to institute such proceedings or any notice to PBGC 
that such Plan is to be terminated, or (C) any notice of the reorganization 
or insolvency of a Multiemployer Plan received by the Parent or any 
Subsidiary;
 
60
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(d)           of any loss or damage to the real property and/or personal 
property of the Loan Parties in excess of $750,000;
 
(e)           of any litigation, investigation or proceeding affecting the 
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries which if adversely determined could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
 
(f)            of each Material Contract, or material modification, 
amendment or renewal of any Material Contract entered into by the Parent or 
any Subsidiary promptly upon the execution and delivery thereof (together 
with a copy of such Material Contract or such modification, amendment or 
renewal);
 
(g)           of any other event, circumstance or situation (or series 
thereof), including, if applicable, any breach or default by the Parent or 
any Subsidiary under any Material Contract, that has resulted in or could 
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and
 
(h)           of the occurrence of any default or event of default under 
the Senior Documents.
 
Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a written 
statement of a Responsible Officer of the Parent (x) identifying the clause 
of this Section 6.03 which such notice is being delivered pursuant to (as 
applicable) and (y) setting forth details of the occurrence referred to 
therein and stating what action the Parent has taken and proposes to take 
with respect thereto.
 
Section 6.04.  Payment of Obligations.  (a) Timely pay, discharge or 
otherwise satisfy, as the same shall become due and payable, all of its 
obligations and liabilities in respect of Taxes, assessments and 
governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its income or 
profits or in respect of its property, except, in each case, to the extent 
(i) any such Tax, assessment, charge or levy is being contested in good 
faith and by appropriate actions for which appropriate reserves have been 
established in accordance with GAAP for so long as the enforcement of such 
contested items is stayed or (ii) the failure to pay or discharge the same 
would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have 
a Material Adverse Effect;
 
(a)           Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or 
before they become delinquent, all of its Indebtedness and other material 
obligations (including obligations under Material Contracts) of whatever 
nature (subject to applicable subordination provisions); except in each 
case to the extent that (i) any such Indebtedness or obligations are being 
contested in good faith and adequate reserves with respect thereto have 
been established in accordance with GAAP or (ii) the failure to pay or 
discharge the same would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the 
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 6.05.  Preservation of Existence, etc.  (a) Preserve, renew and 
maintain in full force and effect its legal existence under the Laws of the 
jurisdiction of its organization, except pursuant to any merger, 
consolidation, liquidation, dissolution or Disposition permitted pursuant 
to Article VII.
 
(a)           Take all reasonable action to obtain, preserve, renew and 
keep in full force and effect its rights, licenses, permits, privileges, 
franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks and
 
61
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
trade names material to the conduct of its business, except to the extent 
that failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 6.06.  Maintenance of Properties.  Except if the failure to do so 
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, 
a Material Adverse Effect, maintain, preserve and protect all of its 
material properties and equipment used in the operation of its business in 
good working order, repair and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted 
and casualty or condemnation excepted.
 
Section 6.07.  Maintenance of Insurance.
 
(a)           Maintain with financially sound and reputable carriers having 
a financial strength rating of at least A- by A.M.  Best Company (a) 
insurance in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) and against such 
risks (including property; theft; business interruption; and general 
liability) and such other hazards, as is customarily maintained by 
companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar businesses 
operating in the same or similar locations and (b) all insurance required 
pursuant to the Loan Documents.  The Parent and the Borrowers will furnish 
to the Lenders, upon request of any Agent, information in reasonable detail 
as to the insurance so maintained.
 
(b)           From time to time upon request, the Borrowers shall deliver 
to the Administrative Agent, upon request of any Agent, copies of its 
insurance policies and updated flood plain searches.  Unless the 
Administrative Agent shall agree otherwise, each property and general 
liability policy shall include satisfactory endorsements requiring 30 days 
prior written notice to the Administrative Agent in the event of 
cancellation of the policy for any reason whatsoever.  If the Borrowers or 
any Subsidiary fails to provide and pay for any insurance, the 
Administrative Agent may, at its option, but shall not be required to, 
procure the insurance and charge the Borrowers therefor.  The Borrowers 
agree to deliver to Administrative Agent, promptly as rendered, copies of 
all reports made to insurance companies.  The Loan Parties may settle, 
adjust or compromise any insurance claim, provided, that, subject to the 
terms of the Senior Subordination Agreement, the proceeds are delivered to 
the Administrative Agent to the extent required under Section 2.03(b)(vi).
 
Section 6.08.  Compliance with Laws and Organization Documents.
 
(a)           Comply in all material respects with its Organization 
Documents and the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, 
injunctions and decrees of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or 
to its business or property, and obtain and maintain all Governmental 
Approvals as shall now or hereafter be necessary under all Applicable Laws 
except if the failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected 
individually or in the aggregate to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(b)           Maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures 
designed to effect compliance in all material respects by the Parent, its 
Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents 
with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
 
62
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 6.09.  Books and Records.  Maintain proper books of record and 
account, in which entries that are full, true and correct in all material 
respects and are in conformity with GAAP shall be made of all material 
financial transactions and matters involving the material assets and 
business of the Parent or a Subsidiary, as the case may be.
 
Section 6.10.  Inspection Rights.  Permit representatives and independent 
contractors of any Agent or Lender, and examiners of the SBA, to visit and 
inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and 
operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom and to 
discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, 
and independent public accountants (subject to such accountants’ customary 
policies and procedures), all at the reasonable expense of the Borrowers 
and at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as 
may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrowers; 
provided that, excluding any such visits and inspections during the 
continuation of an Event of Default, no Agent or Lender shall exercise 
inspection rights under this Section 6.10 more often than two (2) times 
during any calendar year; provided, further, that when an Event of Default 
exists, any Agent or Lender (or any of their respective representatives or 
independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the 
Borrowers at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable 
advance notice.  So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall give the Parent 
the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Parent’s 
independent public accountants.
 
Section 6.11.  Covenant to Guarantee Obligations.  At the Borrowers’ 
expense, subject to the provisions of the Guarantee Requirement and any 
applicable limitation in any Loan Document, take all action necessary or 
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to ensure that the 
Guarantee Requirement is and continues to be satisfied, including:
 
(a)           (x) upon the formation or acquisition of any new direct or 
indirect Domestic Subsidiary by any Loan Party, or any Subsidiary becoming 
a Domestic Subsidiary (other than any Domestic Subsidiaries that are direct 
or indirect Subsidiaries of a Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC):
 
    (i)            within thirty (30) days after such formation,
    acquisition or designation or, in each case, such longer period as the
    Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion, cause each
    such Domestic Subsidiary that is required to become a Guarantor
    pursuant to the Guarantee Requirement to duly execute and deliver to
    the Administrative Agent Guarantee Agreement Supplements and other
    agreements and documents, as reasonably requested by and in form and
    substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;
     
    (ii)           within forty-five (45) days after the request therefor
    by the Administrative Agent (or such longer period as the
    Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), deliver
    to the Administrative Agent a signed copy of an opinion, addressed to
    the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders, of counsel for the Loan
    Parties reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to such
    matters set forth in this Section 6.11 as the Administrative Agent may
    reasonably request.
 
63
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 6.12.  Compliance with Environmental Laws.  Except, in each case, 
to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to 
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, (a) 
comply, and take all reasonable actions to cause any lessees and other 
Persons operating or occupying its properties to comply with all applicable 
Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits; (b) obtain and renew all 
Environmental Permits necessary for its operations and properties; and, (c) 
in each case to the extent required by applicable Environmental Laws, 
conduct any investigation, including such study, sampling or testing, and 
undertake any cleanup, removal, remedial or other action necessary to 
address all Hazardous Materials on any of its properties, in accordance 
with the requirements of applicable Environmental Laws.
 
Section 6.13.  [Reserved].
 
Section 6.14.  [Reserved].
 
Section 6.15.  Employee Plans.  For each pension, profit-sharing and stock 
bonus Plan adopted by the Parent or any Subsidiary that is intended to be a 
qualified Plan within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Tax Code, (a) 
use commercially reasonable efforts to seek and receive determination 
letters from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that such Plan is 
qualified within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Tax Code; and (b) 
from and after the date of adoption of any pension, profit-sharing and 
stock bonus Plan, cause such Plan to be qualified within the meaning of 
Section 401(a) of the Tax Code and to be administered in all material 
respects in accordance with the requirements of ERISA and Section 401(a) of 
the Tax Code, except to the extent any such failure to comply with this 
clause (b) would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect.
 
Section 6.16.  Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions.  The Parent will 
maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to effect 
compliance in all material respects by the Parent, its Subsidiaries and 
their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with 
Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
 
Section 6.17.  Post-Closing Actions.  Each of the Loan Parties shall 
satisfy the requirements set forth in Schedule 6.17 on or before the date 
specified for such requirement or such later date to be determined by the 
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.
 
Section 6.18.  Lender Meetings.  Parent will, on the first Monday of each 
fiscal quarter of the Loan Parties which is a Business Day, or such other 
date at the request of Administrative Agent and upon reasonable prior 
notice, hold a meeting (at a mutually agreeable location and time or, at 
the option of Administrative Agent, by conference call) with all Lenders 
who choose to attend such meeting at which meeting shall be reviewed the 
financial results of the previous fiscal quarter and the financial 
condition of Parent and its Subsidiaries and at the annual meeting, the 
Projections presented for the current fiscal year of the Parent.  The Loan 
Parties shall reimburse the Administrative Agent for the reasonable costs 
and expenses (including travel expenses) incurred by the Administrative 
Agent’s representative in attending such meetings.
 
Section 6.19.  Senior Credit Enhancement.  If the Senior Administrative 
Agent or any lender under the Senior Documents receives any additional 
guaranty in respect of the Senior
 
64
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Indebtedness after the Closing Date, the Loan Parties shall cause a similar 
guaranty to be issued in favor of the Administrative Agent and Lenders in 
respect of the Obligations (subject to the terms of the Senior 
Subordination Agreement).
 
Section 6.20.  SBA Information.  Within one hundred twenty (120) days after 
the end of the fiscal year of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, the Loan 
Parties will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Administrative Agent 
information required by the SBA concerning the economic impact of the Term 
Loan, for (or as of the end of) each fiscal year, including but not limited 
to, information concerning full-time equivalent employees; federal, state 
and local income taxes paid; gross revenue; source of revenue growth; 
after-tax profit or loss; and federal, state and local income tax 
withholding.  Such information shall be forwarded by the Loan Parties on a 
form provided by the Administrative Agent, if the Administrative Agent so 
requests.  The Loan Parties will also furnish or cause to be furnished to 
the Administrative Agent such other information regarding the business, 
affairs and condition of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as the 
Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request; provided, 
however, that unfettered access to trade secrets and confidential 
proprietary information may not be provided.
 
ARTICLE VII
 
Negative Covenants
 
So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder or the Term Loan 
or other Obligation hereunder (other than contingent indemnification 
obligations as to which no claim has been asserted) shall remain unpaid or 
unsatisfied, the Parent and the Borrowers shall not, nor shall the Parent 
or Borrowers permit any of the Subsidiaries of the Parent to:
 
Section 7.01.  Liens.  Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien 
upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or 
hereafter acquired, other than the following:
 
(a)           Liens upon the Collateral (as defined in the Senior 
Subordination Agreement) of the Loan Parties in favor of the Senior 
Administrative Agent to secure the Senior Indebtedness;
 
(b)           Liens existing on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 
7.01(b);
 
(c)           Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges that are 
not overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days or that are being 
contested in good faith and by appropriate actions for which appropriate 
reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP;
 
(d)           statutory or common law Liens of landlords, carriers, 
warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen, repairmen, construction contractors 
or other like Liens, or other customary Liens (other than in respect of 
Indebtedness) in favor of landlords, or other Liens imposed by Law so long 
as, in each case, such Liens arise in the ordinary course of business for 
sums not yet delinquent or that are being contested in good faith and by 
appropriate actions, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are 
maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP;
 
(e)           (i) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in 
connection with workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance and other 
social security legislation and (ii)
 
65
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing liability 
for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations 
in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) 
insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance to 
the Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries;
 
(f)            deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, 
governmental contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for borrowed 
money), statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, 
performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those 
to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the 
ordinary course of business;
 
(g)           easements, rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning 
restrictions), encroachments, protrusions and other similar encumbrances 
and title defects affecting real property that, in the aggregate, do not in 
any case materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of 
the Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or the use of the 
property for its intended purpose, and any other exceptions to title 
accepted by the Senior Administrative Agent;
 
(h)           Liens arising from judgments or orders for the payment of 
money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h);
 
(i)            Liens securing obligations in respect of Indebtedness 
permitted under Section 7.03(f); provided that (i) such Liens attach 
concurrently with or within one hundred and eighty (180) days after 
completion of the acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or 
improvement (as applicable) of the property subject to such Liens, (ii) 
such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property 
financed by such Indebtedness, replacements thereof and additions and 
accessions to such property and the proceeds and the products thereof and 
customary security deposits and (iii) such Liens do not at any time extend 
to or cover any assets (except for additions and accessions to such assets, 
replacements and products thereof and customary security deposits) other 
than the assets subject to, or acquired, constructed, repaired, replaced or 
improved with the proceeds of such Indebtedness; provided that individual 
financings of equipment provided by one lender may be cross collateralized 
to other financings of equipment provided by such lender;
 
(j)            Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 
of the Uniform Commercial Code on the items in the course of collection, 
(ii) attaching to commodity trading accounts or other commodities brokerage 
accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for 
speculative purposes and (iii) in favor of a banking or other financial 
institution arising as a matter of law encumbering deposits or other funds 
maintained with a financial institution (including the right of setoff) and 
that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry;
 
(k)           any interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, licensor or 
sublicensor or secured by a lessor’s, sublessor’s, licensor’s or 
sublicensor’s interest under leases (other than Capitalized Leases) or 
licenses entered into by a Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the 
ordinary course of business;
 
66
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(l)            Liens that are customary contractual rights of setoff 
relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks or other 
deposit-taking financial institutions in the ordinary course and not given 
in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness;
 
(m)          Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the 
Borrowers or any of their respective Subsidiaries in connection with any 
letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted hereunder;
 
(n)           ground leases in respect of real property on which facilities 
owned or leased by any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are located;
 
(o)           purported Liens evidenced by the filing of precautionary 
Uniform Commercial Code financing statements or similar public filings;
 
(p)           any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in 
any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of any real 
property that does not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of 
the business of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;
 
(q)           the modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any 
Lien permitted by clauses (b) and (i) of this Section 7.01 provided that 
(i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property other than (A) 
after-acquired property that is affixed to or incorporated into the 
property covered by such Lien, and (B) proceeds and products thereof, and 
(ii) the renewal, extension or refinancing of the obligations secured or 
benefited by such Liens is permitted by Section 7.03;
 
(r)            deposits of cash with the owner or lessor of premises leased 
and operated by any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary 
course of business of such Borrower or such Subsidiary to secure the 
performance of such Borrower’s or such Subsidiary’s obligations under the 
terms of the lease for such premises;
 
(s)            non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses of intellectual 
property rights granted by the Loan Parties (other than the Parent) in the 
ordinary course of business;
 
(t)            any Lien required by Section 6.17 to be removed after the 
Effective Date, but only until the date on which such Lien is required to 
be removed; and
 
(u)           non-consensual Liens not referred to above on any property of 
the Loan Parties, not securing any Indebtedness for borrowed money; 
provided, however, that the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all 
such Indebtedness and other liabilities secured by such Liens shall not 
exceed $862,500 at any time.
 
Section 7.02.  Investments.  Make or hold any Investments, except:
 
(a)           Investments by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in 
assets that are Cash Equivalents;
 
67
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)           loans or advances to officers, managers and employees of the 
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries for reasonable and customary 
business-related travel, entertainment, relocation and similar bona fide 
business purposes not to exceed $287,500 at any one time outstanding;
 
(c)           Investments permitted pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
7.01, 7.03 (including Investments in Swap Contracts permitted under Section 
7.03), 7.04 or 7.05 (including Investments in the form of non-cash 
consideration in connection with any Disposition permitted under Section 
7.05), respectively;
 
(d)           Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of 
Uniform Commercial Code Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit 
and Article 4 customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with 
past practices;
 
(e)           advances of payroll payments to employees in the ordinary 
course of business; provided that such advances shall not exceed $287,500 
at any time;
 
(f)            Guarantees (including deposits to secure and support the 
foregoing) by the Borrowers or any of their respective Subsidiaries of 
leases (other than Capitalized Leases) or of other obligations that do not 
constitute Indebtedness, in each case entered into in the ordinary course 
of business;
 
(g)           Investments existing on the Closing Date and set forth on 
Schedule 7.02 hereto;
 
(h)           Investments by any Loan Party (other than the Parent) 
constituting Permitted Acquisitions and deposits of earnest money paid in 
connection with Permitted Acquisitions;
 
(i)            Investments in, loans and advances to, and Guarantees of the 
obligations or indebtedness of (i) a Borrower or any other Loan Party 
(other than the Parent) made by a Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than 
the Parent), and (ii) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party made by any 
other Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party;
 
(j)            the creation and capitalization of Loan Parties that are 
Domestic Subsidiaries so long as the terms and conditions set forth in 
Sections 6.11 and 6.13 are satisfied;
 
(k)           (i) intercompany Indebtedness to the extent permitted under 
Section 7.03 and (ii) Investments among (x) the Borrowers and the other 
Loan Parties (other than the Parent) and (y) the Loan Parties and any 
Subsidiaries of a Borrower that are not Loan Parties, in an aggregate 
principal amount not to exceed $287,500 at any time outstanding in the case 
of this clause (y), in each case incurred in the ordinary course of 
business;
 
(l)            [Reserved];
 
(m)          [Reserved]; and
 
(n)           other Investments that do not exceed $575,000 in the 
aggregate at any time outstanding.
 
68
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 7.03.  Indebtedness.  Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any 
Indebtedness or issue any Disqualified Equity Interest, other than:
 
(a)           Indebtedness under the Loan Documents;
 
(b)           Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date set forth on 
Schedule 7.03 and any Permitted Refinancing thereof; and
 
(c)           unsecured intercompany Indebtedness among (i) the Parent and 
the other Loan Parties and (ii) the Loan Parties and any Subsidiaries of 
the Parent that are not Loan Parties, in an aggregate principal amount not 
to exceed $575,000 at any time outstanding to such Subsidiaries that are 
not Loan Parties; provided that all such Indebtedness of any Loan Party to 
a Person that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to the Intercompany 
Subordination Agreement;
 
(d)           Guarantees by the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries in respect 
of Indebtedness of any Loan Party otherwise permitted hereunder (except 
that a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may not, by virtue of this 
Section 7.03(d), Guarantee Indebtedness that such Subsidiary could not 
otherwise incur under this Section 7.03); provided that if the Indebtedness 
being Guaranteed is subordinated to the Obligations, such Guarantee shall 
be subordinated to the Guaranty on terms at least as favorable to the 
Lenders as those contained in the subordination of such Indebtedness;
 
(e)           Indebtedness of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries owing 
to any Borrower or any other of its Subsidiaries to the extent constituting 
an Investment permitted by Section 7.02; provided that all such 
Indebtedness of any Loan Party owed to any Person that is not a Loan Party 
shall be subject to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement;
 
(f)            (i) Capitalized Leases and purchase money obligations of the 
Borrowers and their Subsidiaries financing the acquisition, construction, 
repair, replacement or improvement of fixed or capital assets; provided 
that such Indebtedness is incurred concurrently with or within one hundred 
and eighty (180) days after the applicable acquisition, construction, 
repair, replacement or improvement and (ii) Attributable Indebtedness 
arising out of sale-leaseback transactions, and, in each case, any 
Permitted Refinancing thereof; provided that the aggregate principal amount 
of Indebtedness at any one time outstanding incurred pursuant to this 
clause (f) shall not exceed $7,475,000;
 
(g)           Indebtedness in respect of Swap Contracts designed to hedge 
against the Borrowers’ or any of their respective Subsidiaries’ exposure to 
interest rates, foreign exchange rates or commodities pricing risks 
incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative 
purposes;
 
(h)           Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees 
of the Parent and its Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of 
business;
 
(i)            Indebtedness to current or former officers, directors, 
managers and employees, their respective estates, spouses or former spouses 
to finance the simultaneous purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of 
the Parent permitted by Section 7.06;
 
69
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(j)            Cash Management Obligations and other Indebtedness of the 
Borrowers and their Subsidiaries in respect of netting services, automatic 
clearinghouse arrangements, overdraft protections, employee credit card 
programs and other cash management and similar arrangements in the ordinary 
course of business;
 
(k)           Indebtedness incurred by the Parent or any of their 
Subsidiaries in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers’ 
acceptances, warehouse receipts or similar instruments issued or created in 
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in respect of 
workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits 
or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other 
Indebtedness with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding 
workers compensation claims;
 
(l)            obligations in respect of performance, bid, appeal and 
surety bonds and performance and completion guarantees and similar 
obligations provided by the Borrowers or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries or obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank 
guarantees or similar instruments related thereto, in each case in the 
ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;
 
(m)          Indebtedness for customary indemnification, adjustment of 
purchase price or similar customary obligations of the Borrowers or any of 
their respective Subsidiaries arising under any documents relating to any 
Permitted Acquisition;
 
(n)           Indebtedness consisting of judgments or orders for the 
payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 
8.01(h);
 
(o)           Indebtedness in respect of taxes, assessments or governmental 
charges that are not overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days or 
that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate actions for which 
appropriate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP;
 
(p)           accretion or amortization of original issue discount and 
accretion of interest paid in kind, in each case in respect of Indebtedness 
otherwise permitted by this Section 7.03;
 
(q)           unsecured Indebtedness (including “earn-out” obligations and 
Indebtedness to the seller) incurred by the Borrowers in connection with a 
Permitted Acquisition, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $575,000 at any 
time outstanding, provided that, (a) the terms and conditions of such 
Indebtedness are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and 
such Indebtedness is subject to a subordination agreement reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (b) after giving effect to 
such Permitted Acquisition and the incurrence of such Indebtedness, the 
Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio is lower than that required under Section 
7.14 by at least 0.25:1.00;
 
(r)            other Indebtedness of the Borrowers and their respective 
Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not 
to exceed $575,000; and
 
(s)            the Senior Indebtedness (subject to the terms of the Senior 
Subordination Agreement).
 
70
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Subsidiary that is a Non-Loan Party will 
guarantee any Indebtedness for borrowed money of a Loan Party unless such 
Subsidiary first becomes a Guarantor.
 
Section 7.04.  Fundamental Changes.  Merge, dissolve, liquidate, 
consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one 
transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its 
assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any 
Person, except that:
 
(a)           any Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with a Borrower; 
provided that (x) such Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving 
Person, and (y) such merger or consolidation does not result in such 
Borrower ceasing to be organized under the Laws of the United States or any 
state thereof;
 
(b)           (i) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may merge or 
consolidate with or into any other Subsidiary of a Borrower that is not a 
Loan Party, (ii) any Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with or into any 
Loan Party (other than the Parent) so long as a Loan Party is the surviving 
Person and (iii) any Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve or change its 
legal form if the Parent determines in good faith that such action is in 
the best interests of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries and is not 
materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and the Person who receives the 
assets of any dissolving or liquidating Subsidiary that is a Guarantor 
shall be a Loan Party, provided that no Event of Default shall result 
therefrom;
 
(c)           any Subsidiary may Dispose of all or substantially all of its 
assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to a Borrower or a Loan 
Party (other than the Parent);
 
(d)           so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or would 
result therefrom, any Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with any other 
Person in order to effect an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.02 
(other than Section 7.02(c)); provided that the continuing or surviving 
Person shall be a Borrower or a Subsidiary, which, together with each of 
its Subsidiaries, shall have complied with the applicable requirements of 
Section 6.11 and, if a Loan Party is a party to such merger or 
consolidation, a Loan Party shall be continuing or surviving Person; and
 
(e)           so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or would 
result therefrom, a merger, dissolution, liquidation, consolidation or 
Disposition, the purpose of which is to effect a Disposition permitted 
pursuant to Section 7.05 (other than Section 7.05(e)).
 
Section 7.05.  Dispositions.  Make any Disposition or enter into any 
agreement to make any Disposition, except:
 
(a)           Dispositions of obsolete, worn out, used or surplus property, 
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business 
and Dispositions of property no longer used or useful in the conduct of the 
business of the Parent and its Subsidiaries;
 
(b)           Dispositions of inventory and goods held for sale in the 
ordinary course of business;
 
71
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)           Dispositions of property to the extent that (i) such property 
is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of other property used 
or useful in the business of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries or (ii) 
the proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price 
of such property;
 
(d)           Dispositions of property to a Borrower or a Subsidiary of a 
Borrower; provided that if the transferor of such property is a Loan Party 
the transferee thereof must be a Loan Party;
 
(e)           Dispositions permitted by Sections 7.02, 7.04 and 7.06 and 
Liens permitted by Section 7.01;
 
(f)            Dispositions of property pursuant to sale-leaseback 
transactions; provided that the Net Cash Proceeds thereof are applied in 
accordance with Section 2.03(b)(iii);
 
(g)           Dispositions of Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of 
business;
 
(h)           leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the 
provision of software under an open source license), in each case in the 
ordinary course of business and which do not materially interfere with the 
business of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;
 
(i)            transfers of property subject to Casualty Events upon 
receipt of the Net Cash Proceeds of such Casualty Event;
 
(j)            Dispositions of property not otherwise permitted under this 
Section 7.05 in an aggregate amount not to exceed $862,500 in the aggregate 
in any fiscal year;
 
(k)           Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent 
required by, or made pursuant to customary buy/sell arrangements between, 
the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and 
similar binding arrangements;
 
(l)            the unwinding of any Swap Contract in the ordinary course of 
business; and
 
(m)          the lapse or abandonment in the ordinary course of business of 
any registrations or applications for registration of any Intellectual 
Property that, in the reasonable judgment of the Parent and its 
Subsidiaries, are not necessary or material in the conduct of the business 
of the Parent and its Subsidiaries;
 
provided that any Disposition of any property pursuant to this Section 7.05 
(except pursuant to Sections 7.05(a), (e), (i), (k) and (m) and except for 
Dispositions from a Borrower Loan Party to a Loan Party), shall be for no 
less than the fair market value of such property at the time of such 
Disposition as determined by the Borrowers in good faith.
 
Section 7.06.  Restricted Payments.  Declare or make, directly or 
indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except:
 
(a)           each Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to a Borrower 
that is its parent and to such Borrower’s other Subsidiaries (and, in the 
case of a Restricted Payment by a non-wholly owned Subsidiary, to a 
Borrower that is its parent and to such Borrower’s other
 
72
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Subsidiaries and to each other owner of Equity Interests of such Subsidiary 
based on their relative ownership interests of the relevant class of Equity 
Interests);
 
(b)           each Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries may declare and 
make dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the 
Qualified Equity Interests of such Person;
 
(c)           the Parent and each of its Subsidiaries may make cashless 
repurchases of Equity Interests in a Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries 
deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options or warrants or similar 
rights if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price 
of such options or warrants or similar rights;
 
(d)           so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing or result therefrom, including on a Pro Forma Basis, the 
Borrowers may pay (or make Restricted Payments to allow the Parent to pay) 
for the repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value 
of Equity Interests of the Parent held by any future, present or former 
officer, employee or manager (or any spouses, former spouses, successors, 
executors, administrators, heirs, legatees or distributees of any of the 
foregoing) of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries upon the death, 
disability, retirement or termination of employment of any such Person or 
otherwise pursuant to any employee or manager equity plan, employee or 
manager stock option plan or any other employee or director benefit plan or 
any agreement with any officer, employee or manager of the Parent or any of 
its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount after the Closing Date not to 
exceed $287,500 in any calendar year; and
 
(e)           without duplication, the Borrowers may make Restricted 
Payments to the Parent, the proceeds of which shall be used by the Parent 
to pay its operating costs and expenses incurred in the ordinary course of 
business and other corporate overhead costs and expenses (including 
franchise taxes, administration, legal, accounting and similar expenses 
provided by third parties), which are reasonable and customary and incurred 
in the ordinary course of business, attributable to the ownership or 
operations of its Subsidiaries.
 
Section 7.07.  Change in Nature of Business.
 
(a)           With respect to the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, engage 
in any material line of business substantially different from those lines 
of business conducted by the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries on the 
Closing Date or any business reasonably related thereto.
 
(b)           With respect to the Parent, engage in any business activities 
or have any properties or liabilities, other than (i) its ownership of the 
Equity Interests of the Borrowers and, until the transfer thereof to a 
Borrower pursuant to Section 6.17 hereof, the intellectual property of the 
Parent disclosed on the Perfection Certificate delivered on the Closing 
Date, (ii) obligations under the Loan Documents and the Senior Documents, 
and (iii) special purpose holding company activities reasonably related or 
ancillary to the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii).
 
Section 7.08.  Transactions with Affiliates.
 
(a)           Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of 
the Parent, a Borrower or a Subsidiary, whether or not in the ordinary 
course of business, other than (i) transactions on terms not materially 
less favorable, when taken as a whole, to the Parent, such Borrower or such
 
73
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Parent, such Borrower or such 
Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arm’s-length transaction with a 
Person other than an Affiliate; (ii) transactions between or among the 
Borrowers and their Subsidiaries expressly permitted by this Agreement and 
the Senior Credit Agreement; and (iii) Restricted Payments permitted under 
Section 7.06.
 
(b)           Pay any management, transaction, consulting or similar fee to 
any Affiliate.
 
Section 7.09.  Burdensome Agreements.  Enter into or permit to exist any 
Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan 
Document) that prohibits, restricts, imposes any condition on or limits the 
ability of (a) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to make Restricted 
Payments to (directly or indirectly) or to make or repay loans or advances 
to any Loan Party or to Guarantee the Obligations of any Loan Party under 
the Loan Documents or (b) any Loan Party to create, incur, assume or suffer 
to exist Liens on property of such Person for the benefit of the Lenders 
hereunder  and the Obligations under the Loan Documents; provided that the 
foregoing clauses (a) and (b) shall not apply to Contractual Obligations 
that:
 
    (i)            (x) exist on the Closing Date and (to the extent not
    otherwise permitted by this Section 7.09) are listed on Schedule 7.09 
    hereto and (y) to the extent Contractual Obligations permitted by
    clause (x) are set forth in an agreement evidencing Indebtedness, are
    set forth in any agreement evidencing any permitted modification,
    replacement, renewal, extension or refinancing of such Indebtedness so
    long as such modification, replacement, renewal, extension or
    refinancing does not expand the scope of such Contractual Obligation in
    any material respect,
     
    (ii)           are binding on a Subsidiary at the time such Subsidiary
    first becomes a Subsidiary, so long as such Contractual Obligations
    were not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming its
    Subsidiary,
     
    (iii)          represent Indebtedness of its Subsidiary that is not a
    Loan Party that is permitted by Section 7.03,
     
    (iv)          are customary restrictions that arise in connection with
    (x) any Lien permitted by Sections 7.01(i), (l), (m), (r) and (s) and
    relate to the property subject to such Lien or (y) any Disposition
    permitted by Section 7.05 applicable pending such Disposition solely to
    the assets subject to such Disposition,
     
    (v)           are negative pledges and restrictions on Liens in favor
    of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 but solely
    to the extent any negative pledge relates to the property financed by
    or the subject of such Indebtedness  and the proceeds and products
    thereof and permit the Liens securing the Obligations without
    restriction,
     
    (vi)          are customary restrictions on leases, subleases, licenses
    or asset sale agreements otherwise permitted hereby so long as such
    restrictions relate to the assets subject thereto,
     
    (vii)         comprise restrictions imposed by any agreement relating
    to secured Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Sections 7.03(f) to the
    extent that such restrictions apply only to the property or assets
    permitted to secure such Indebtedness,
 
74
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (viii)        are customary provisions restricting subletting or
    assignment of any lease governing a leasehold interest of any
    Subsidiary,
     
    (ix)          are customary provisions restricting assignment of any
    agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business,
     
    (x)           are restrictions on cash or other deposits imposed by
    customers under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of
    business,
     
    (xi)          are restrictions or conditions imposed by law,
     
    (xii)         are customary restrictions or conditions contained in
    agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale,
    provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary
    that is sold and such sale is permitted hereunder,
     
    (xiii)        arise in connection with cash or other deposits permitted
    under Section 7.01, or
     
    (xiv)        arise pursuant to the Senior Documents (subject to the
    terms of the Senior Subordination Agreement).
     
Section 7.10.  Use of Proceeds.  Use the proceeds of the Term Loan made 
hereunder, either directly or indirectly, except (a) on the Closing Date, 
(i) to finance a portion of the repayment, on a pro rata basis, of the 
“Term Loan” and “Delayed Draw Term Loan” constituting Senior Indebtedness, 
and (ii) to pay transaction fees and expenses in connection with this 
Agreement, the other Loan Documents, the Senior Documents and the 
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and (b) thereafter, for 
working capital and general corporate purposes of the Borrowers and their 
Subsidiaries from time to time permitted under this Agreement (including 
Permitted Acquisitions).  Use the proceeds of the Term Loan, whether 
directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or 
ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of 
Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of 
purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally 
incurred for such purpose.
 
Section 7.11.  Accounting Changes.  Make any change in fiscal year or any 
material accounting policy with respect to revenue recognition or allowance 
for doubtful accounts that results in a material change to the Parent’s 
financial condition.
 
Section 7.12.  Organization Documents.  Terminate, amend, modify or change 
any of its Organization Documents (including by the filing or modification 
of any certificate of designation) or any agreement to which it is a party 
with respect to its Equity Interests (including any stockholders’ 
agreement), or enter into any new agreement with respect to its Equity 
Interests, other than, in each case, any such amendments, modifications or 
changes or such new agreements which are not, and could not reasonably be 
expected to be, adverse in any material respect to the interests of any 
Agent or Lender.
 
75
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 7.13.  Prepayments, etc. of Indebtedness.
 
(a)           (i) Prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy 
prior to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner any Indebtedness of a 
Loan Party permitted hereunder that is subordinated to the Obligations 
expressly by its terms (collectively, “Junior Financing”), except the 
refinancing thereof with the Net Cash Proceeds of, or in exchange for, any 
Permitted Refinancing, to the extent not required to prepay the Term Loan 
or the conversion of any Junior Financing to Equity Interests (other than 
Disqualified Equity Interests) of the Parent, provided no Event of Default 
results therefrom.
 
(b)           Amend, modify or change in any manner materially adverse to 
the interests of the Lenders or materially more burdensome to any Loan 
Party any term or condition of any Junior Financing Documentation or any 
other Indebtedness of a Loan Party that is subordinated to the Obligations 
expressly by its terms without the consent of the Administrative Agent.
 
(c)           Make any earn-out or similar payment related to a Permitted 
Acquisition or other permitted acquisition or Investment (including the 
Kecy Acquisition, the Thixoforming Acquisition and the ATC Acquisition), 
other than any such payment made solely in Qualified Equity Interests of 
the Borrower and other than any such payment satisfying the following 
conditions:
 
    (i)            immediately prior to and after giving effect thereto, no
    Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or
    would result therefrom;
     
    (ii)           (A)          the Parent and its Subsidiaries shall be in
    compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.14 on a
    Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such payment as of the last day
    of the fiscal quarter most recently ended, (B) the Total Leverage Ratio
    shall be lower than the lesser of (1) 3.50:1.00 and (2) the maximum
    ratio permitted by Section 7.14(b) at such time, adjusted by reducing
    the numerator of such ratio by 0.50, on a Pro Forma Basis as of the
    last day of the fiscal quarter most recently ended and the Senior
    Leverage Ratio shall be lower than the lesser of (1) 2.50:1.00 and (2)
    the maximum ratio permitted by Section 7.14(c) at such time, adjusted
    by reducing the numerator of such ratio by 0.50, on a Pro Forma Basis
    as of the last day of the fiscal quarter most recently ended, and (C)
    the Parent shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a
    Compliance Certificate evidencing in reasonable detail compliance with
    the financial covenants and ratios described in subclauses (A) and (B)
    of this clause (ii) and such Compliance Certificate, including the
    calculations set forth therein, shall be reasonably acceptable to the
    Administrative Agent; and
     
    (iii)          after giving effect to such payment, the sum of (i) the
    aggregate amount of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held by the
    Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries plus (ii) the Availability in
    respect of the Revolving Commitments shall not be less than
    $10,000,000.
 
76
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 7.14.  Financial Covenants.
 
(a)           Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.  Permit the Fixed Charge 
Coverage Ratio to be less than 1.10:1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal 
quarter ending on or prior to the Maturity Date.
 
(b)           Maximum Total Leverage Ratio.  Permit the Total Leverage 
Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter ending during any period 
set forth in the table below, to exceed the ratio set forth opposite such 
period in the table below:
 
Period
 
Total Leverage Ratio
Closing Date through December 30, 2014
 
5.50:1.00
December 31, 2014 through March 30, 2015
 
5.50:1.00
March 31, 2015 through June 29, 2015
 
5.25:1.00
June 30, 2015 through September 29, 2015
 
5.00:1.00
September 30, 2015 through March 30, 2016
 
4.75:1.00
March 31, 2016 through September 29, 2016
 
4.50:1.00
September 30, 2016 and thereafter
 
4.00:1.00
 
Section 7.15.  Anti-Terrorism Laws.  Conduct, deal in or engage in or 
permit any Affiliate or agent of the Parent within its control to conduct, 
deal in or engage in any of the following activities: (i) conduct any 
business or engage in any transaction or dealing with any person blocked 
pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224 (“Blocked Person”), including the 
making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for 
the benefit of any Blocked Person; (ii) deal in, or otherwise engage in any 
transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked 
pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224; or (iii) engage in on conspire to 
engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of 
evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set 
forth in Executive Order No. 13224 or the USA PATRIOT Act.  The Borrowers 
shall deliver to Administrative Agent and Lenders any certification or 
other evidence reasonably requested from time to time by Administrative 
Agent, confirming Borrowers’ compliance with this Section 7.15
 
Section 7.16.  Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions.  Parent and the 
Borrowers shall not use, shall cause the Subsidiaries not to use and shall 
use their commercially reasonable efforts to cause its or their respective 
directors, officers, employees and agents, in each case, when acting on 
behalf of the Parent or any Subsidiary not to use, the proceeds of the Term 
Loan (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or 
authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, 
to any Person in violation in any material respect of any Anti-Corruption 
Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or “facilitating” (within 
the meaning of the applicable Sanctions) any transaction of or with any 
Sanctioned Person or in any
 
77
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Sanctioned Country, or (C)  in any manner that would likely result in the 
violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.
 
ARTICLE VIII
 
Events of Default and Remedies
 
Section 8.01.  Events of Default.  Each of the events referred to in 
clauses (a) through (1) of this Section 8.01 shall constitute an “Event of 
Default”:
 
(a)           Non-Payment.  Any Borrower fails to pay (i) when and as 
required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of the Term Loan, or 
(ii) within five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest 
on the Term Loan or any other amount payable hereunder or with respect to 
any other Loan Document; or
 
(b)           Specific Covenants.  The Parent or any Subsidiary fails to 
perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of 
Sections 6.01, 6.02, 6.03, 6.05(a), 6.07, 6.10, 6.11, 6.13, 6.17 (including 
the items set forth in Schedule 6.17) or Article VII; or
 
(c)           Other Defaults.  Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe 
any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01(a) or (b) 
above) contained in the Loan Documents on its part to be performed or 
observed and such failure continues for thirty (30) days after receipt by 
the Parent of written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent; or
 
(d)           Representations and Warranties.  Any representation, 
warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by any 
Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document required 
to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be untrue in any 
material respect (without duplication of materiality qualifiers in the case 
of those representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a 
Material Adverse Effect or other materiality) when made or deemed made; or
 
(e)           Cross-Default.  (i) With respect to the Senior Indebtedness, 
the acceleration of such Senior Indebtedness, or (ii) with respect to any 
other Material Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness hereunder or the 
Senior Indebtedness), any Loan Party or any Subsidiary (A) fails to make 
any payment prior to the expiration of any applicable grace period with 
respect thereto, if any, (whether by scheduled maturity, required 
prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Material 
Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness hereunder or the Senior Indebtedness) 
or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition 
relating to any such Indebtedness, or any other event occurs, the effect of 
which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or 
holders of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such 
holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the 
giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become due or to be 
repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or 
an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be 
made, prior to its stated maturity; provided that this clause (e) shall not 
apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary 
sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, if 
such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder and under the documents 
providing for such Indebtedness; or
 
78
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(f)            Insolvency Proceedings, etc.  The Parent, any Borrower or 
any Subsidiary institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding 
under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of 
creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, 
trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, administrator, 
administrative receiver or similar officer for it or for all or any 
material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, 
conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, administrator, administrative 
receiver or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent 
of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 
sixty (60) calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law 
relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property 
is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed 
or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days, or an order for relief is entered 
in any such proceeding; or
 
(g)           Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment.  Any Loan Party or any 
Subsidiary becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails 
generally to pay its debts as they become due, or any writ or warrant of 
attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all 
or any material part of the property of the Loan Parties and the 
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and is not released, vacated or fully 
bonded within sixty (60) days after its issue or levy; or
 
(h)           Judgments.  There is entered against any Loan Party or any 
Subsidiary a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an 
aggregate amount exceeding $1,000,000 (to the extent not covered by 
independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified 
of such judgment or order and has not denied coverage thereof) and such 
judgment or order shall not have been satisfied, vacated, discharged or 
stayed or bonded pending an appeal for a period of sixty (60) consecutive 
days; or
 
(i)            ERISA.  (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension 
Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or would reasonably be 
expected to result in liability of any Loan Party or their respective ERISA 
Affiliates under Title IV of ERISA in an aggregate amount which would 
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or the 
imposition of a Lien against the property of any Loan Party, or (ii) any 
Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates fails to pay when 
due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment 
payment with respect to its Withdrawal Liability under Section 4201 of 
ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount exceeding an amount 
that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, 
or
 
(j)            Invalidity of Loan Documents.  Subject to the terms of the 
Senior Subordination Agreement, any material provision of the Loan 
Documents, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason 
(other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder including as a 
result of a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or 7.05, and subject 
to the Senior Subordination Agreement) or the satisfaction in full of all 
the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party 
contests in writing the validity or enforceability of any provision of the 
Loan Documents; or any Loan Party denies in writing that it has any or 
further liability or obligation under the Loan Documents (other than as a 
result of repayment in full of the Obligations), or purports in writing to 
revoke or rescind the Loan Documents; or
 
(k)           Change of Control.  There occurs any Change of Control.
 
79
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 8.02.  Remedies upon Event of Default.  If any Event of Default 
occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may with the consent of, 
and shall at the request of, the Required Lenders take any or all of the 
following actions;
 
(a)           declare the Commitments of each Lender to be terminated, 
whereupon such Commitments and obligation shall be terminated;
 
(b)           declare the unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan, all 
interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable 
hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and 
payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, 
all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower and each other 
Loan Party; and
 
(c)           exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and 
remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents or 
applicable Law;
 
provided that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order 
for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the 
United States, the Commitments of each Lender shall automatically 
terminate, the unpaid principal amount of the Term Loan and all interest 
and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, 
in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.
 
Section 8.03.  Application of Funds.  After the exercise of remedies 
provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Term Loan has automatically 
become immediately due and payable as set forth in the proviso to Section 
8.02), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied 
by the Administrative Agent in the following order (subject to the terms of 
the Senior Subordination Agreement):
 
    First, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees,
    indemnities, expenses and other amounts (other than principal and
    interest, but including Attorney Costs payable under Section 10.04 and
    amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent
    in its capacity as such;
     
    Second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting
    fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest)
    payable to the Lenders (including Attorney Costs payable under Section
    10.04 and amounts payable under Article III) ratably among them in
    proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to
    them;
     
    Third, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting
    accrued and unpaid interest on the Term Loan, ratably among the Lenders
    in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third
    payable to them;
     
    Fourth, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting
    unpaid principal of the Term Loan ratably among the Lenders in
    proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth
    held by them;
 
80
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
    Fifth, to the payment of all other Obligations of the Loan Parties that
    are due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders
    on such date, ratably based upon the respective aggregate amounts of
    all such Obligations owing to the Administrative Agent and the other
    Lenders on such date; and
     
    Last, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been
    indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrowers or as otherwise required by
    Law.
     
Section 8.04.  Equity Cure.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Article 8, if the Borrowers fail to comply with the 
requirement of any financial covenants set forth in Section 7.14, the 
Borrowers shall have the right to cure such failure (the “Cure Right”), by 
notice to the Administrative Agent not later than the date on which the 
applicable Compliance Certificate is required to be delivered pursuant to 
Section 6.01 for the period for which such financial covenants are being 
measured, to cause the net cash proceeds of an issuance of Equity Interests 
(other than Disqualified Equity Interests) by the Parent to be contributed 
in cash to the common equity to a Borrower, all not later than the tenth 
Business Day following the date of such notice and upon receipt by such 
Borrower of such cash contribution (such cash amount actually received by 
the Borrowers being referred to as the “Cure Amount”) pursuant to the 
exercise of such Cure Right, each such financial covenant shall be 
recalculated giving effect to the following pro forma adjustments:
 
(a)           Consolidated EBITDA shall be deemed to be increased, solely 
for the purpose of calculation of the financial covenants set forth in 
Section 7.14 with respect to any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters 
that includes the fiscal quarter for which the Cure Right was exercised and 
not for any other purpose under this Agreement, by an amount equal to the 
Cure Amount; and
 
(b)           if, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculations, the 
Borrowers shall then be in compliance with the requirements of the 
financial covenants set forth in Section 7.14, the Borrowers shall be 
deemed to have satisfied the requirements of the financial covenants set 
forth in Section 7.14 as of the relevant date of determination with the 
same effect as though there had been no failure to comply therewith at such 
date, and the applicable breach or default of such financial covenants that 
had occurred shall be deemed cured for the purposes of this Agreement; 
provided that (i) Cure Rights shall not be exercised in more than two 
consecutive fiscal quarters, (ii) there shall be a maximum of two Cure 
Rights exercised in any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, and a 
maximum of four Cure Rights exercised during the term of this Agreement, 
(iii) each Cure Amount shall be no greater than the amount required to 
cause the Borrower to be in compliance with the financial covenants set 
forth in Section 7.14 and with the financial covenants set forth in the 
Senior Credit Agreement; (iv) each Cure Amount may not exceed $3,000,000 
and the aggregate amount of all Cure Rights exercised during the term of 
this Agreement may not exceed $6,000,000; (v) all Cure Amounts shall be 
disregarded for the purposes of any financial ratio determination under the 
Loan Documents other than for determining compliance with Section 7.14; 
(vi) 100% of the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds of such Cure Amount shall be 
applied as a mandatory prepayment of the Term Loan in accordance with 
Section 2.03(b)(iv) hereof; and (vii) no Lender shall be required to make 
any extension of credit hereunder during the 10 Business Days period 
referred to above.
 
81
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE IX
 
Administrative Agent and Other Agents
 
Section 9.01.  Appointment and Authority of the Administrative Agent.  Each 
Lender hereby irrevocably appoints Mclarty to act on its behalf as the 
Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and 
authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and 
to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the 
terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are 
reasonably incidental thereto.  The provisions of this Article IX (other 
than Sections 9.09 and 9.11) are solely for the benefit of the 
Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and the Borrowers shall not have 
rights as a third party beneficiary of any such provision.  This Agreement 
does not give rise now or in the future to an agency or partnership 
relationship between any Borrower and any Agent or any of their respective 
Affiliates.
 
Section 9.02.  Rights as a Lender.  Any Person serving as an Agent 
(including as Administrative Agent) hereunder shall have the same rights 
and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise 
the same as though it were not an Agent and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” 
shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise 
requires, include each Person serving as an Agent hereunder in its 
individual capacity.  Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits 
from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory 
capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with any Borrower 
or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not an 
Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.  
The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, any Agent or its 
Affiliates may receive information regarding any Loan Party or any of its 
Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality 
obligations in favor of any Loan Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge 
that no Agent shall be under any obligation to provide such information to 
them.
 
Section 9.03.  Exculpatory Provisions.  Neither the Administrative Agent 
nor any other Agent shall have any duties or obligations except those 
expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents.  Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, an Agent (including the 
Administrative Agent):
 
(a)           shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied 
duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing and 
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the use of the term 
“agent” herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to any Agent 
is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) 
obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law and 
instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is 
intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between 
independent contracting parties;
 
(b)           shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or 
exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers 
expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that such 
Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required 
Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be 
expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided 
that no Agent shall be required to
 
82
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may 
expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to the Loan Documents or 
applicable law; and
 
(c)           shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the 
other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable 
for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Borrower or 
any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by any Person 
serving as an Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.
 
The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not 
taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders 
(or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, 
or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be 
necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02) 
or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as 
determined by the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, in 
connection with its duties expressly set forth herein.  The Administrative 
Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until 
notice describing such Default is given to the Administrative Agent by a 
Borrower or a Lender.
 
No Agent-Related Person shall be responsible for or have any duty to 
ascertain or inquire into (i) any recital, statement, warranty or 
representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other 
Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other 
document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or 
therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, 
agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the 
occurrence of any Default (including, without limitation, compliance with 
the terms and conditions of Section 10.07(h)(iii)), (iv) the validity, 
enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other 
Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the 
satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, 
other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered 
to the Administrative Agent, or to inspect the properties, books or records 
of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof.
 
Section 9.04.  Reliance by the Administrative Agent.
 
The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not 
incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, 
consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any 
electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other 
distribution) believed by it in the absence of bad faith to be genuine and 
to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person.  
The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally 
or by telephone and believed by it in the absence of bad faith to have been 
made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying 
thereon.  In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the 
making of the Term Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the 
satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such 
condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent 
shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the 
making of the Term Loan.  The Administrative Agent may consult with legal 
counsel (including counsel acting for the Borrowers), independent 
accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for 
any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any 
such counsel, accountants or experts.
 
83
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
The Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to 
take any action under the Loan Documents unless it shall first receive such 
advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it deems appropriate and, 
if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the 
Lenders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by 
it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action.  The 
Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in 
refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in 
accordance with a request or consent of the Required Lenders (or such 
greater number of Lenders as may be expressly required hereby in any 
instance) and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant 
thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders; provided that the 
Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its 
opinion or in the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative 
Agent to liability or that is contrary to the Loan Documents or applicable 
Law.
 
Section 9.05.  Delegation of Duties.  The Administrative Agent may perform 
any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or 
under any other Loan Documents by or through any one or more sub agents 
appointed by the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent and any 
such sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its 
rights and powers by or through their respective Agent-Related Persons.  
The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub 
agent and to the Agent-Related Persons of the Administrative Agent and any 
such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in 
connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for 
herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent.
 
Section 9.06.  Non-Reliance of Administrative Agent and Other Lenders; 
Disclosure of Information by Agents.  Each Lender acknowledges that no 
Agent-Related Person has made any representation or warranty to it, and 
that no act by any Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to and 
acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party or 
any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or 
warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender as to any matter, 
including whether Agent-Related Persons have disclosed material information 
in their possession.  Each Lender represents to each Agent that it has, 
independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based 
on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its 
own appraisal of, and investigation into the business, prospects, 
operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of 
the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank 
or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, 
and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit 
to the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties hereunder.  Each Lender also 
represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any 
Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it 
shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit 
analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under 
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such 
investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, 
prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and 
creditworthiness of the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties.  Except for 
notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to 
the Lenders by any Agent herein, such Agent shall not have any duty or 
responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information 
concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and 
other condition or creditworthiness of any
 
84
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Affiliates which may come 
into the possession of any Agent-Related Person.
 
Section 9.07.  Indemnification of Agents.  Whether or not the transactions 
contemplated hereby are consummated, the Lenders shall indemnify upon 
demand the Administrative Agent and each other Agent-Related Person (solely 
to the extent any such Agent-Related Person was performing services on 
behalf of the Administrative Agent) (to the extent not reimbursed by or on 
behalf of any Loan Party and without limiting the obligation of any Loan 
Party to do so), pro rata, and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and 
each other Agent-Related Person (solely to the extent any such 
Agent-Related Person was performing services on behalf of the 
Administrative Agent) from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities 
incurred by it; provided that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to 
any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities 
resulting from such Agent-Related Person’s own gross negligence or willful 
misconduct, as determined by the final judgment of a court of competent 
jurisdiction; provided that no action taken in accordance with the 
directions of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of 
the Lenders as shall be required by the Loan Documents) shall be deemed to 
constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this 
Section 9.07.  In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding 
giving rise to any Indemnified Liabilities, this Section 9.07 applies 
whether any such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any 
Lender or any other Person.  Without limitation of the foregoing, each 
Lender shall reimburse the Administrative Agent upon demand for its ratable 
share of any costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including Attorney Costs) 
incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, 
execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement 
(whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal 
advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any 
other Loan Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, 
to the extent that the Administrative Agent is not reimbursed for such 
expenses by or on behalf of the Borrowers, provided that such reimbursement 
by the Lenders shall not affect the Borrowers’ continuing reimbursement 
obligations with respect thereto, provided, further, that the failure of 
any Lender to indemnify or reimburse the Administrative Agent shall not 
relieve any other Lender of its obligation in respect thereof.  The 
undertaking in this Section 9.07 shall survive termination of the Aggregate 
Commitments, the payment of all other Obligations and the resignation of 
the Administrative Agent.
 
Section 9.08.  No Other Duties; Other Agents; Manners, etc.  Anything 
herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no Agent shall have any powers, 
duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan 
Documents, except in its capacity as the Administrative Agent or a Lender 
hereunder and such Persons shall have the benefit of this Article IX.  
Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Lenders or other Persons so 
identified shall have or be deemed to have any agency or fiduciary or trust 
relationship with any Lender, the Parent, any Borrower or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries.  Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, 
and will not rely, on any of the Lenders or other Persons so identified in 
deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action 
hereunder.
 
Section 9.09.  Resignation of Administrative Agent.  The Administrative 
Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the 
Borrowers.  Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required 
Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the
 
85
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Borrowers at all times other than during the existence of an Event of 
Default (which consent of the Borrowers shall not be unreasonably withheld 
or delayed), to appoint a successor, which shall be a Lender or a bank with 
an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such Lender or bank 
with an office in the United States.  If no such successor shall have been 
so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such 
appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent 
gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may 
on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting 
the qualifications set forth above; provided that if the Administrative 
Agent shall notify the Borrowers and the Lenders that no qualifying Person 
has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless 
become effective in accordance with such notice and (a) the retiring 
Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations 
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and (b) all payments, 
communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the 
Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, 
until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative 
Agent as provided for above in this Section.  Upon the acceptance of a 
successor’s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder such successor 
shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, 
privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent and 
the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its 
duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not 
already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section).  After the 
retiring Agent’s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, 
the provisions of this Article and Sections 10.04 and 10.05 shall continue 
in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their 
respective Agent-Related Persons in respect of any actions taken or omitted 
to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as 
Administrative Agent.
 
Section 9.10.  Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim.  In case of 
the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other 
judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent 
(irrespective of whether the principal of the Term Loan shall then be due 
and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and 
irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand 
on the Borrowers) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such 
proceeding or otherwise:
 
(a)           to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the 
principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Term Loan, and 
all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other 
documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of 
the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the 
reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the 
Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and 
counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent 
under Sections 2.07 and 10.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and
 
(b)           to collect and receive any monies or other property payable 
or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;
 
and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or 
other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized 
by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in 
the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such 
payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any 
amount due for
 
86
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the 
Agents and their respective agents and counsel, and any other amounts due 
the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.07 and 10.04.
 
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative 
Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender 
any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition 
affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the 
Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any 
such proceeding.
 
Section 9.11.  Guaranty Matters.  Each of the Lenders irrevocably 
authorizes the Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent agrees 
that it will release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guarantee 
Agreement if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a 
transaction or designation permitted hereunder.
 
Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders 
will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent’s authority to release any 
Guarantor from its obligations under the Guarantee Agreement pursuant to 
this Section 9.11.  In each case as specified in this Section 9.11, the 
Administrative Agent will (and each Lender irrevocably authorizes the 
Administrative Agent to), at the Borrowers’ expense, execute and deliver to 
the applicable Loan Party such documents as any Loan Party may reasonably 
request to evidence the release of such Guarantor from its obligations 
under the Guarantee Agreement, in each case in accordance with the terms of 
the Loan Documents and this Section 9.11.
 
Section 9.12.  Appointment of Supplemental Administrative Agents.
 
(a)           It is the purpose of this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents that there shall be no violation of any Law of any jurisdiction 
denying or restricting the right of banking corporations or associations to 
transact business as agent or trustee in such jurisdiction.  It is 
recognized that in case of litigation under this Agreement or any of the 
other Loan Documents, and in particular in case of the enforcement of any 
of the Loan Documents, or in case the Administrative Agent deems that by 
reason of any present or future Law of any jurisdiction it may not exercise 
any of the rights, powers or remedies granted herein or in any of the other 
Loan Documents or take any other action which may be desirable or necessary 
in connection therewith, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to 
appoint an additional individual or institution selected by the 
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion as a separate trustee, co- 
trustee, administrative agent, collateral agent, administrative sub-agent 
or administrative co- agent (any such additional individual or institution 
being referred to herein individually as a “Supplemental Administrative 
Agent” and collectively as “Supplemental Administrative Agents”).
 
(b)           [Reserved].
 
(c)           Should any instrument in writing from any Loan Party be 
required by any Supplemental Administrative Agent so appointed by the 
Administrative Agent for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming 
to him or it such rights, powers, privileges and duties, the Borrowers 
shall, or shall cause any Loan Party to, execute, acknowledge and deliver 
any and all
 
87
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
such instruments promptly upon request by the Administrative Agent.  In 
case any Supplemental Administrative Agent, or a successor thereto, shall 
die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all the rights, 
powers, privileges and duties of such Supplemental Administrative Agent, to 
the extent permitted by Law, shall vest in and be exercised by the 
Administrative Agent until the appointment of a new Supplemental 
Administrative Agent.
 
Section 9.13.  Senior Subordination Agreement.
 
(a)           In accordance with the terms of the Senior Subordination 
Agreement, this Agreement is subject to the terms and provisions of the 
Subordination Agreement executed by MCLARTY CAPITAL PARTNERS SBIC, L.P., as 
Subordinated Agent, and CITIZENS BANK, N.A., as Senior Agent, dated as of 
the Closing Date (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified 
from time to time) and each Lender, by its acceptance hereof, shall be 
bound by the provisions of such Subordination Agreement.
 
(b)           The Lenders and any other holder of any Obligations 
acknowledge that any Senior Indebtedness incurred will be secured by Liens 
on the Collateral and that the exercise of certain of the rights and 
remedies of the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents is subject to 
the provisions of the Senior Subordination Agreement or may be subject to 
any other subordination or intercreditor agreement pertaining to any senior 
debt.  Each Lender irrevocably (i) consents to the terms and conditions of 
the Senior Subordination Agreement and any other subordination or 
intercreditor agreement pertaining to any senior debt, (ii) authorizes and 
directs the Administrative Agent to execute and deliver the Senior 
Subordination Agreement, any documents relating thereto and any other 
subordination or intercreditor agreement pertaining to any other 
subordinated debt, in each case, on behalf of such Lender and to take all 
actions (and execute all documents) required (or deemed advisable) by it in 
accordance with the terms of the Senior Subordination Agreement and any 
other subordination or intercreditor agreement pertaining to any other 
senior debt, in each case, and without any further consent, authorization 
or other action by such Lender, (iii) agrees that, upon the execution and 
delivery thereof, such Lender will be bound by the provisions of the Senior 
Subordination Agreement and any other subordination or intercreditor 
agreement pertaining to any other senior debt as if it were a signatory 
thereto and will take no actions contrary to the provisions of such Senior 
Subordination Agreement and any other subordination or intercreditor 
agreement pertaining to any other senior debt, and (iv) agrees that no 
Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against the Administrative 
Agent as a result of any action taken by the Administrative Agent pursuant 
to this Section or in accordance with the terms of the applicable Senior 
Subordination Agreement and any other subordination or intercreditor 
agreement pertaining to any other senior debt.  Each Lender hereby further 
irrevocably authorizes and directs the Administrative Agent to enter into 
such amendments, supplements or other modifications to the Senior 
Subordination Agreement and any other subordination or intercreditor 
agreement pertaining to any other senior debt as are approved by the 
Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders; provided, that, the 
Administrative Agent may execute and deliver such amendments, supplements 
and modifications thereto as are contemplated by the Senior Subordination 
Agreement and any other subordination or intercreditor agreement pertaining 
to any other senior debt in connection with any extension, renewal, 
refinancing or replacement of this Agreement or any refinancing of the 
Obligations, in each case, on behalf of such Lender and without any further 
consent, authorization or other action by any Lender.  The Administrative 
Agent shall have the benefit of
 
88
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
each of the provisions of Article IX with respect to all actions taken by 
it pursuant to this Section 9.13 or in accordance with the terms of the 
Senior Subordination Agreement and any other subordination or intercreditor 
agreement pertaining to any other subordinated debt to the full extent 
thereof.
 
ARTICLE X
 
Miscellaneous
 
Section 10.01.  Amendments, etc.  Except as otherwise set forth in this 
Agreement (and subject to the terms of the Senior Subordination Agreement), 
no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan 
Document, and no consent to any departure by the Parent or any other Loan 
Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the 
Required Lenders and the Parent or the applicable Loan Party, as the case 
may be, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the 
specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided 
that, no such amendment, waiver or consent shall:
 
(a)           extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender without the 
written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;
 
(b)           postpone any date scheduled for, or reduce the amount of, any 
payment of principal or interest under Section 2.05 or 2.06 without the 
written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, it being 
understood that the waiver of (or amendment to the terms of) any mandatory 
prepayment of the Term Loan shall not constitute a postponement of any date 
scheduled for the payment of principal or interest;
 
(c)           reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified 
herein on, the Term Loan, or (subject to clause (i) of the second proviso 
to this Section 10.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under 
any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly 
affected thereby; provided that only the consent of the Required Lenders 
shall be necessary to amend the definition of “Default Rate” or to waive 
any obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest at the Default Rate;
 
(d)           change any provision of this Section 10.01 or the definition 
of “Required Lenders” or “Pro Rata Share” or any other provision specifying 
the number of Lenders or portion of the Term Loan or Commitments required 
to take any action under the Loan Documents, without the written consent of 
each Lender directly affected thereby; or
 
(e)           other than in a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or 
Section 7.05, release any material Guarantor, without the written consent 
of each Lender;
 
and provided, further, that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless 
in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the 
Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of, or any fees or 
other amounts payable to, the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or 
any other Loan Document.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended (or amended 
and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the 
Administrative Agent and the
 
89
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Borrowers (i) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this 
Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time 
outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof 
to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents with the Term Loan and the accrued interest and fees in respect 
thereof and (ii) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit 
facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders.
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 10.01, 
guarantees and related documents executed by Loan Parties in connection 
with this Agreement may be in a form reasonably determined by the 
Administrative Agent and may be, together with this Agreement, amended and 
Lenders’ rights thereunder waived with the consent of the Administrative 
Agent at the request of the Borrowers without the need to obtain the 
consent of any other Lender if such amendment or waiver is delivered in 
order (i) to comply with local Law or advice of local counsel, (ii) to cure 
ambiguities or defects or (iii) to cause such guarantee or other document 
to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
 
Section 10.02.  Notices and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies.
 
(a)           General.  Except in the case of notices and other 
communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as 
provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications 
provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or 
overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent 
by telecopier or electronic mail as follows, and all notices and other 
communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall 
be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows:
 
    (i)            if to the Parent, any Borrower or the Administrative
    Agent, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or
    telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02; and
     
    (ii)           if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier
    number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its
    Administrative Questionnaire.
     
Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, 
or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been 
given when received; notices and other communications sent by telecopier 
shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given 
during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have 
been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the 
recipient).  Notices and other communications delivered through electronic 
communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below shall be 
effective as provided in such subsection (b).
 
(b)           Electronic Communication.  Notices and other communications 
to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic 
communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant 
to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the 
foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II 
if such Lender, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that 
it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic 
communication.  The Administrative Agent, the Parent or any Borrower may, 
in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it
 
90
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by 
it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular 
notices or communications.
 
(c)           Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) 
notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed 
received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended 
recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as 
available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that 
if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal 
business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be 
deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business 
Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an 
Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed 
receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the 
foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is 
available and identifying the website address therefor.
 
(d)           The Platform.  THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS 
AVAILABLE.”  THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE 
ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE 
PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM 
THE BORROWER MATERIALS.  NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR 
STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON- INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM 
VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM.  In no event shall the 
Administrative Agent or any of its Agent-Related Persons (collectively, the 
“Agent Parties”) have any liability to the Parent, any Borrower, any 
Lender, or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or 
expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out 
of the Borrowers’ or the Administrative Agent’s transmission of Borrower 
Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, 
claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of 
competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have 
resulted from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such 
Agent Party; provided, however, that in no event shall any Agent Party have 
any liability to the Parent, any Borrower, any Lender or any other Person 
for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as 
opposed to direct or actual damages).
 
(e)           Change of Address.  Each of the Parent, the Borrowers and the 
Administrative Agent may change its address, telecopier or telephone number 
for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other 
parties hereto.  Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier or 
telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice 
to the Parent and the Administrative Agent.  In addition, each Lender 
agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that 
the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact 
name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to 
which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire 
instructions for such Lender.  Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to 
cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at 
all times have selected the “Private Side Information” or similar 
designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to 
enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public 
Lender’s compliance
 
91
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state 
securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made 
available through the “Public Side Information” portion of the Platform and 
that may contain material non-public information with respect to the 
Borrowers or their securities for purposes of United States Federal or 
state securities laws.
 
(f)            Reliance by the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative 
Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices 
purportedly given by or on behalf of the Parent or any Borrower even if (i) 
such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or 
were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, 
or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any 
confirmation thereof.  The Borrowers shall indemnify the Administrative 
Agent each Lender and the Agent-Related Persons of each of them from all 
losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance in the 
absence of bad faith by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or 
on behalf of the Parent or any Borrower.  All telephonic notices to and 
other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be 
recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby 
consents to such recording.
 
Section 10.03.  No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies.  No failure by any Lender 
or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in 
exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any 
other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single 
or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder 
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other 
right, remedy, power or privilege.  The rights, remedies, powers and 
privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, 
are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and 
privileges provided by Law.
 
Section 10.04.  Attorney Costs and Expenses.  The Borrowers agree (subject 
to the terms of the Senior Subordination Agreement) (a) to pay or reimburse 
the Administrative Agent for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket 
Attorney Costs of Stradley Ronon Stevens & Young, LLP incurred in 
connection with the preparation, negotiation, syndication and execution of 
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any amendment, waiver, 
consent or other modification of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether 
or not the transactions contemplated thereby are consummated), and the 
consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and 
thereby, (b) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent for all 
reasonable and documented appraisal fees, filing and search charges, 
recording taxes and Field Examination charges and expenses and (b) to pay 
or reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for all reasonable 
and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with 
the monitoring or enforcement of any rights or remedies under this 
Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs and 
expenses incurred during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding 
under any Debtor Relief Law, and including all Attorney Costs of counsel to 
the Administrative Agent and the Lenders taken as a whole (and, if 
reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant material 
jurisdiction).  The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the 
termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other 
Obligations.  All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid 
promptly following receipt by the Parent of an invoice relating thereto 
setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail.  If any Loan Party fails 
to pay when due any costs, expenses or other amounts payable by
 
92
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
it hereunder or under the Loan Documents, such amount may be paid on behalf 
of any Loan Party by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.
 
Section 10.05.  Indemnification by the Borrowers.  The Borrowers shall 
indemnify and hold harmless the Agents, each Lender, and their respective 
Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, partners, trustees or 
advisors and other representatives (collectively the “Indemnitees”) from 
and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, claims, and expenses 
(including Attorney Costs) of any kind or nature whatsoever which may at 
any time be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any such Indemnitee 
in any way relating to or arising out of or in connection with (but 
limited, in the case of Attorney Costs, to the reasonable and documented 
out-of-pocket fees, disbursements and other charges of one counsel to all 
Indemnitees taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, a single local 
counsel for all Indemnitees taken as a whole in each relevant jurisdiction 
that is material to the interest of the Lenders) (a) the execution, 
delivery, enforcement, performance or administration of the Loan Documents 
or any other agreement, letter or instrument delivered in connection with 
the transactions contemplated thereby or the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated thereby, (b) any Commitment, Loan or the use or 
proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, (c) any actual or alleged presence 
or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property currently or 
formerly owned or operated by any Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other 
Loan Party, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any 
Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party or (d) any actual or 
prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any 
of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory 
(including any investigation of, preparation for, or defense of any pending 
or threatened claim, investigation, litigation or proceeding) and 
regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto (all the foregoing, 
collectively, the “Indemnified Liabilities”); provided that such indemnity 
shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such 
liabilities, losses, damages, claims, and expenses resulted from (y) the 
gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (z) a material 
breach in bad faith of any material obligations under the Loan Documents by 
such Indemnitee, in each case as determined by a final, non-appealable 
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.  To the extent that the 
undertakings to indemnify and hold harmless set forth in this Section 10.05 
may be unenforceable in whole or in part because they are violative of any 
applicable law or public policy, each of the Borrowers shall contribute the 
maximum portion that it is permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable 
law to the payment and satisfaction of all Indemnified Liabilities incurred 
by the Indemnitees or any of them.  No Indemnitee shall be liable for any 
damages arising from the use by others of any information or other 
materials obtained through IntraLinks or other similar information 
transmission systems in connection with this Agreement, nor shall any 
Indemnitee or any Loan Party have any liability for any special, punitive, 
indirect or consequential damages relating to this Agreement or any other 
Loan Document or arising out of its activities in connection herewith or 
therewith (whether before or after the Closing Date).  In the case of an 
investigation, litigation or other proceeding to which the indemnity in 
this Section 10.05 applies, such indemnity shall be effective whether or 
not such investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan 
Party, its directors, stockholders or creditors or an Indemnitee or any 
other Person, whether or not any Indemnitee is otherwise a party thereto 
and whether or not any of the transactions contemplated hereunder or under 
any of the other Loan Documents is consummated.  All amounts due under this 
Section 10.05 shall be paid within twenty (20) Business Days after written 
demand therefor.  The agreements in this Section 10.05 shall survive the 
resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the 
termination of
 
93
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of 
all the other Obligations.  This Section 10.05 shall not apply with respect 
to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. 
arising from any non-Tax claim.
 
Section 10.06.  Marshaling; Payments Set Aside.  None of the Administrative 
Agent or any Lender shall be under any obligation to marshal any assets in 
favor of the Loan Parties or any other party or against or in payment of 
any or all of the Obligations.  To the extent that any payment by or on 
behalf of the Borrowers is made to any Agent or any Lender, or any Agent or 
any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds 
of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to 
be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to 
any settlement entered into by such Agent or such Lender in its discretion) 
to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with 
any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the 
extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended 
to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as 
if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) 
each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand 
its applicable share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by any 
Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such 
payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate 
from time to time in effect.
 
Section 10.07.  Successors and Assigns.
 
(a)           The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and 
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors 
and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Parent and the Borrowers may 
not, except as permitted by Section 7.04 and subject to the terms of the 
Senior Subordination Agreement, assign or otherwise transfer any of their 
respective rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written 
consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may 
assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder 
except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection 
(b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the 
provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or 
assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection 
(f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any 
party hereto shall be null and void).  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed 
or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the 
parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, 
Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, 
to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Agent-Related Persons of 
each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable 
right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
 
(b)           Assignments by Lenders.  Any Lender may at any time assign to 
one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under 
this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Term 
Loan at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be 
subject to the following conditions:
 
94
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (i)            Minimum Amounts.
     
        (A)          in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining
        amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment and the Term Loan at
        the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender,
        an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or during the
        occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default under Section
        8.01(a) or Section 8.01(f), no minimum amount need be assigned; and
         
        (B)          in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of
        this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment or, the
        principal outstanding balance of the Term Loan of the assigning
        Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date
        the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is
        delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if “Trade Date” is
        specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date,
        shall not be less than $1,000,000 unless each of the Administrative
        Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is
        continuing, the Parent otherwise consents (each such consent not to
        be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, however, that
        concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and
        concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a
        single Eligible Assignee (or to an Eligible Assignee and members of
        its Assignee Group) will be treated as a single assignment for
        purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been met.
         
    (ii)           Proportionate Amounts.  Each partial assignment shall be
    made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning
    Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to
    the Term Loan or the Commitment hereunder assigned.
     
    (iii)          Required Consents.  No consent shall be required for any
    assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of
    this Section and subject to the terms of the Senior Subordination
    Agreement, and, in addition:
     
        (A)          the consent of the Parent (such consent not to be
        unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an
        Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such
        assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a
        Lender or an Approved Fund; and
         
        (B)          the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent
        not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required
        unless such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or
        an Approved Fund.
         
    (iv)          Assignment and Assumption.  The parties to each
    assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an
    Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation
    fee of $3,500 (unless such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a
    Lender or an Approved Fund) and the forms required by Section 3.01(b)
    and (c) or Section 3.01(d) as applicable; provided that the
    Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such
    processing and recordation fee in the case of any
 
95
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
    assignment.  The Eligible Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall
    deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
    All assignments shall be by novation.
 
    (v)           No Assignments to Certain Persons.  No such assignment
    shall be made (A) to the Parent, any Borrower or any of their
    respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates or to the Permitted Holders or
    their Affiliates or (B) to a natural person.
     
Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent 
pursuant to clause (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date 
specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall 
be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by 
such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender 
under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the 
extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be 
released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an 
Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and 
obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party 
hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 
(subject to the requirements thereof), 3.04, 3.05, 10.04 and 10.05 with 
respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of 
such assignment).  Upon request, and the surrender by the assigning Lender 
of its Note, the Borrowers (at their expense) shall execute and deliver a 
Note to the assignee Lender.  Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of 
rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this 
subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by 
such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance 
with subsection (d) of this Section.
 
(c)           The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a 
non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at the Administrative 
Agent’s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and 
a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, 
and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of and related interest 
amounts on the Term Loan, owing to each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof 
from time to time (the “Register”).  The entries in the Register shall, 
subject to clause (h) of this Section, be conclusive absent manifest error, 
and the Borrowers, the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose 
name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender 
hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the 
contrary.  The Register shall be available for inspection by any Borrower, 
any Agent and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon 
reasonable prior notice.  This Section 10.07(c) and Section 2.09 shall be 
construed so that all Term Loan are at all times maintained in “registered 
form” within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the 
Code and any related Treasury regulations (or any other relevant or 
successor provisions of the Code or of such Treasury regulations).
 
(d)           Subject to the terms of the Senior Subordination Agreement, 
any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the 
Parent, any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to 
any Person (other than a natural person, a Borrower, the Permitted Holders, 
or any of their respective Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “
Participant”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or 
obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its 
Commitment and/or the Term Loan owing to it); provided that (i) such 
Lender’s
 
96
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender 
shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the 
performance of such obligations, and (iii) the Borrowers, the Agents and 
the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such 
Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this 
Agreement.  Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells 
such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole 
right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to approve 
any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or 
any other Loan Document; provided that such agreement or instrument may 
provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, 
agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first 
proviso to Section 10.01 (other than clause (d) thereof) that directly 
affects such Participant.  Subject to subsection (e) of this Section, the 
Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of 
Sections 3.01 (subject to the requirements of Section 3.01(b) and (c) or 
Section 3.01(d), as applicable), 3.04 and 3.05 (through the applicable 
Lender) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its 
interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section.  To the 
extent permitted by applicable Law, each Participant also shall be entitled 
to the benefits of Section 10.09 as though it were a Lender; provided that 
such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.11 as though it were a 
Lender.
 
(e)           Limitations upon Participant Rights.  A Participant shall not 
be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01, 3.04 or 3.05 
than the participating Lender would have been entitled to receive with 
respect to the participation sold to such Participant, except to the extent 
such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change of Law 
that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation.  
Each Lender that sells a participation shall (acting solely for this 
purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers) maintain a register 
complying with the requirements of Sections 163(f), 871(h) and 881(c)(2) of 
the Code and the Treasury regulations issued thereunder relating to the 
exemption from withholding for portfolio interest on which is entered the 
name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts of and 
stated interest on each Participant’s interest in the Term Loan or other 
obligations under this Agreement (the “Participant Register”).  A Lender 
shall not be obligated to disclose all or any portion of the Participant 
Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information 
relating to a Participant’s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of 
credit or its other obligations under the Loan Documents) to any Person 
except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to establish that the 
Term Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 
5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury regulations.  The entries in the 
Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such 
Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant 
Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this 
Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) 
shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.
 
(f)            Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security 
interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement 
(including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, 
including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal 
Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such 
Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee 
or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
 
97
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 10.08.  Confidentiality.  Each of the Administrative Agent and the 
Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information in 
accordance with its customary procedures (as set forth below), except that 
Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its 
Affiliates’ respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, 
trustees, advisors and representatives on a need-to-know basis (it being 
understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be 
informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to 
keep such Information confidential in accordance with this Section 10.08), 
(b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have 
jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the 
National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent 
required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar 
legal process, provided that the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as 
applicable, agrees that it will notify the Parent as soon as practicable in 
the event of any such disclosure by such Person (other than at the request 
of a regulatory authority) unless such notification is prohibited by law, 
rule or regulation, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with 
the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or 
any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan 
Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject 
to an agreement containing provisions at least as restrictive as those of 
this Section 10.08, to (i) any permitted assignee of or Participant in, or 
any permitted prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights 
or obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be 
an Additional Lender or (ii) any actual or prospective direct or indirect 
counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction 
relating to the Borrowers and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the 
Parent, (h) to any rating agency when required by it (it being understood 
that, prior to any such disclosure, such rating agency shall undertake to 
preserve the confidentiality of any Information relating to the Loan 
Parties received by it from such Lender in accordance with this Section 
10.08) or (i) to the extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available 
other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes 
available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, or any of their 
respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than 
the Parent, any Borrower or any Subsidiary, and which source is not known 
by such Agent or Lender to be subject to a confidentiality restriction in 
respect thereof in favor of the Parent or any Affiliate thereof.
 
For purposes of this Section, “Information” means all information received 
from any Loan Party or any Subsidiary (or from any representative or agent 
of any Loan Party or Subsidiary) thereof relating to any Loan Party or any 
Subsidiary thereof or their respective businesses, other than any such 
information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on 
a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by any Loan Party or any 
Subsidiary thereof; it being understood that all information received from 
the Parent, any Borrower or any Subsidiary after the Closing Date shall be 
deemed confidential unless such information is clearly identified at the 
time of delivery as not being confidential.  Any Person required to 
maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 
shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so in 
accordance with its customary procedures if such Person has exercised the 
same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as 
such Person would accord to its own confidential information.
 
Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders acknowledges that (a) the 
Information may include material non-public information concerning a 
Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed 
compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public
 
98
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in 
accordance with applicable Law, including United States Federal and state 
securities Laws.
 
Section 10.09.  Setoff.  If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at 
any time and from time to time, after obtaining the prior written consent 
of the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
law, to setoff and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or 
demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency, but excluding payroll, 
employee benefits, tax, trust and other fiduciary deposit accounts) at any 
time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by 
such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of 
any Borrower or any other Loan Party against any and all of the Obligations 
of such Borrower or any Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this 
Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender, irrespective of 
whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement 
or any other Loan Document to the extent such Obligations of such Borrower 
or any Loan Party are then due and payable.  The rights of each Lender and 
its Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and 
remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or its 
Affiliates may have.  Each Lender agrees to notify the Parent and the 
Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, 
provided that the failure to give such notice to the Parent shall not 
affect the validity of such setoff and application.
 
Section 10.10.  Interest Rate Limitation.  Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in the Loan Documents, the interest paid or agreed to be 
paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of 
non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the “Maximum Rate”).  If 
any Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds 
the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of 
the Term Loan or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the 
applicable Borrower.  In determining whether the interest contracted for, 
charged, or received by an Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such 
Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any 
payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than 
interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and 
(c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the 
total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the 
Obligations hereunder.
 
Section 10.11.  Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness.  This Agreement 
may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in 
different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but 
all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract.  This 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among 
the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all 
previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the 
subject matter hereof.  This Agreement shall become effective when the 
closing conditions set forth in Section 4.01 shall have been satisfied or 
waived.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this 
Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging means shall be effective 
as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
 
Section 10.12.  Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other 
Documents.  The words “execution,” “signed,” “signature,” and words of like 
import in any Assignment and Assumption or in any amendment or other 
modification hereof (including waivers and consents)
 
99
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records 
in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, 
validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a 
paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as 
provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic 
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State 
Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws 
based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.
 
Section 10.13.  Survival of Representations and Warranties.  All 
representations and warranties made hereunder and (i) any other Loan 
Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in 
connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery 
hereof and thereof.  Such representations and warranties have been or will 
be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of 
any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on 
their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any 
Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of the 
making of the Term Loan, and shall continue in full force and effect as 
long as the Term Loan or any other Obligation (other than contingent 
indemnification obligations not yet accrued and payable) hereunder shall 
remain unpaid or unsatisfied.
 
Section 10.14.  Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement or the 
other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) 
the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of 
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or 
impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith 
negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions 
with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as 
possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions.  The 
invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate 
or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 
Section 10.15.  GOVERNING LAW.
 
(a)           THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED 
BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 
(b)           THE PARENT, EACH BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, EACH 
OTHER AGENT AND EACH LENDER EACH IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, 
FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF 
THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN 
AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW 
YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING 
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR 
FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES 
HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF 
ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK 
STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH 
FEDERAL COURT.  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN 
ANY SUCH
 
100
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER 
JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY 
LAW.  EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT THE AGENTS AND LENDERS RETAIN THE RIGHT 
TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO BRING 
PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT.
 
(c)           THE PARENT, EACH BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, EACH 
OTHER AGENT AND EACH LENDER EACH IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO 
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY 
NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING 
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN 
ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF THIS SECTION.  EACH OF THE 
PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED 
BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE 
OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.
 
Section 10.16.  WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.  EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY 
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY 
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN 
DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED 
ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES 
THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS 
REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN 
THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO 
ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER 
THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
 
Section 10.17.  Termination.  This Agreement (other than the provisions 
that expressly state that they shall survive termination of this Agreement) 
shall terminate upon payment in full of the Obligations (other than 
contingent indemnification obligations not yet accrued and payable).
 
Section 10.18.  Lender Action.  Each Lender agrees that it shall not take 
or institute any actions or proceedings, judicial or otherwise, for any 
right or remedy against any Loan Party under any of the Loan Documents 
(including the exercise of any right of setoff, rights on account of any 
banker’s lien or similar claim or other rights of self-help), or institute 
any actions or proceedings, or otherwise commence any remedial procedures, 
with respect to any property of any Loan Party, without the prior written 
consent of the Administrative Agent (which shall not be withheld in 
contravention of Section 9.04).  The provision of this Section 10.18 are 
for the
 
101
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
sole benefit of the Lenders and shall not afford any right to, or 
constitute a defense available to, any Loan Party.
 
Section 10.19.  Use of Name, Logo, etc.  The Administrative Agent shall 
provide for approval to any Loan Party advance proofs of advertising 
material relating to the financing transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement that such Agent proposes to use and that incorporate or use any 
Loan Party’s name, product photographs, logo or trademark.  Each any Loan 
Party agrees that its consent to the publication in the ordinary course of 
such material will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and, provided, 
any Loan Party shall be deemed to have consented thereto unless it shall 
object thereto by written notice within five (5) Business Days after having 
received notice thereof.  Such consent shall remain effective until revoked 
by any Loan Party in writing to the Administrative Agent.
 
Section 10.20.  USA PATRIOT Act Notice.  Each Lender that is subject to the 
USA PATRIOT Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf 
of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the 
requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and 
record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information 
includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that 
will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to 
identify each Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act.  The 
Borrowers shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent 
or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the 
Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its 
ongoing obligations under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money 
laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act.
 
Section 10.21.  Service of Process.  EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS 
TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02.  
NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO 
SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
 
Section 10.22.  No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility.  In connection 
with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in 
connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of 
any other Loan Document), the Parent and each Borrower acknowledges and 
agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates’ understanding, that:  (i) (A) the 
arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the 
Agents are arm’s-length commercial transactions between the Parent and its 
Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agents, on the other 
hand, (B) the Parent and each Borrower has consulted its own legal, 
accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed 
appropriate, and (C) the Borrowers are capable of evaluating, and 
understand and accept, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions 
contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Agents 
and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as 
expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, 
and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Parent, 
any Borrower or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and 
(B) none of the Agents nor any Lender has any obligation to the Parent, any 
Borrower or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the 
transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set 
forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and
 
102
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(iii) the Agents, the Lender and their respective Affiliates may be engaged 
in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from 
those of the Parent, the Borrowers and their respective Affiliates, and 
none of the Agents nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of 
such interests to the Parent, any  Borrower or any of their respective 
Affiliates.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Parent and each 
Borrower hereby waive and release any claims that it may have against the 
Agents nor any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of 
agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction 
contemplated hereby.
 
[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
 
103
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed under seal as of the date first above written.
 
 
 ADVANCED FORMING TECHNOLOGY, INC., as a Borrower
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
Name:
Drew M. Kelley
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ARC WIRELESS, INC., as a Borrower
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
Name:
Drew M. Kelley
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FLOMET LLC, as a Borrower
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
Name:
Drew M. Kelley
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL FLANGE & FORGE LLC, as a Borrower
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
Name:
Drew M. Kelley
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TEKNA SEAL LLC, as a Borrower
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
Name:
Drew M. Kelley
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
[SIGNATURES CONTINUED ON FOLLOWING PAGE]
 
[Signature Page to Credit Agreement – McLarty]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
[SIGNATURES CONTINUED FROM PREVIOUS PAGE]
 
 
 
 3D MATERIAL TECHNOLOGIES, LLC, as a Borrower
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
Name:
Drew M. Kelley
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
QUADRANT METALS TECHNOLOGIES, LLC, as a Borrower
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
 
 
 
Name:
Drew M. Kelley
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARC GROUP WORLDWIDE, INC., as the Parent
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
Name:
Drew M. Kelley
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
[SIGNATURES CONTINUED ON FOLLOWING PAGE]
 
[Signature Page to Credit Agreement – McLarty]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
[SIGNATURES CONTINUED FROM PREVIOUS PAGE]
 
 
 
MCLARTY CAPITAL PARTNERS SBIC, L.P., as Administrative Agent and as a 
Lender
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Christopher D. Smith
 
Name:
Christopher D. Smith
 
Title:
President and Managing Principal
 
[Signature Page to Credit Agreement – McLarty]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 