 EX-10.4 11 s100441_ex10-4.htm EXHIBIT 10.4
 
CB Pharma Acquisition Corp.
24 New England Executive Park, Suite 105
Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
 
_____________, 2014
 
 
Coronado Biosciences, Inc.
24 New England Executive Park, Suite 105
Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
This letter will confirm our agreement that, commencing on the effective 
date (the “Effective Date”) of the registration statement (the “
Registration Statement”) for the initial public offering (the “IPO”) of the 
securities of CB Pharma Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) and continuing 
until the earlier of (i) the consummation by the Company of an initial 
business combination or (ii) the Company’s liquidation (in each case as 
described in the Registration Statement) (such earlier date hereinafter 
referred to as the “Termination Date”), Coronado Biosciences, Inc. shall 
make available to the Company certain office space and administrative and 
support services as may be required by the Company from time to time, 
situated at 24 New England Executive Park, Suite 105, Burlington, 
Massachusetts 01803 (or any successor location). In exchange therefore, the 
Company shall pay Coronado Biosciences, Inc. the sum of $10,000 per month 
on the Effective Date and continuing monthly thereafter until the 
Termination Date; provide, however, that the Company may delay payment of 
such monthly fee upon a determination by the Company’s audit committee that 
the Company lacks funds held outside of the Trust Account to pay actual or 
anticipated expenses in connection with an initial business combination. 
Any such unpaid amount shall accrue without interest and either be due and 
payable no later than the date of the Company’s initial business 
combination or at Coronado’s Bioscience Inc.’s option, treated as working 
capital loans and be convertible into private units as described in 
Prospectus. Coronado Biosciences, Inc. hereby agrees that it does not have 
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies that 
may be set aside in a trust account (the “Trust Account”) to be established 
upon the consummation of the IPO (the “Claim”) and hereby waives any Claim 
it may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any 
negotiations, contracts or agreements with the Company and will not seek 
recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.
 
  	Very truly yours,
  	 
  	CB PHARMA ACQUISITION CORP.
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	Name:
  	  	Title:
 
AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY: 	 
  	 
CORONADO BIOSCIENCES, INC. 	 
  	  	 
By: 	  	 
  	Name: 	 
  	Title: 	 
 

 