 EX-10.2 2 a102tanigirton.htm EXHIBIT 10.2


EXHIBIT 10.2

AGREEMENT

This Agreement is made and is effective as of November 10, 2014 by and 
between Bank of Marin (“Company”) and Tani Girton (“Executive”).

WHEREAS, Executive is currently employed by the Company, a California 
corporation in the capacity of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial 
Officer, and Executive’s background, expertise and efforts have contributed 
to the success and financial strength of the Company; and

WHEREAS, the Company wishes to assure itself of the continued opportunity 
to benefit from Executive’s services and Executive wishes to serve in the 
employ of the Company for such purposes;

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”) has determined 
that the best interests of the Company would be served by setting forth the 
benefits which the Company will provide to Executive if the Executive 
remains employed by the Company up to and including the consummation of a 
Change in Control of the Company; and

WHEREAS, the Company wishes to provide a specific incentive to Executive to 
remain in the employ of the Company through and including the consummation 
of any Change in Control of the Company, as defined herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in order to effect the foregoing, the parties hereto wish 
to enter into an Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth below. 
This Agreement (“Agreement”) therefore sets forth those benefits which the 
Company will provide to Executive in the event of a “Change in Control of 
the Company” (as defined in paragraph 2) under the circumstances described 
below or in contemplation of a Change in Control as discussed in Paragraph 
1 below. Accordingly, in consideration of the premises and the respective 
covenants and Agreements of or in contemplation of a Change in Control as 
discussed in Paragraph 1 below herein contained, and intending to be 
legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. TERM. The term of this Agreement shall be one year from the date hereof, 
subject to annual automatic renewal, but the Agreement may be terminated by 
the Company following 90 days written notification without liability to the 
Executive prior to the occurrence of a Change of Control. If such 
termination occurs, Executive shall not be entitled to any of the benefits 
provided hereunder; provided, however, a termination of this Agreement, in 
contemplation of but prior to a Change in Control shall be presumed to be a 
termination following a Change in Control if such termination is reasonably 
proximate in time to the public announcement of said Change in Control. If 
a Change in Control of the Company should occur while Executive is still an 
employee of the Company, then this Agreement shall continue in effect from 
the date of such Change in Control of the Company for so long as Executive 
remains an employee of the Company, but in no event for more than one year 
following the consummation of a Change in Control of the Company; provided, 
however, that the expiration of the term of this Agreement shall not 
adversely affect Executive’s rights under this Agreement which have accrued 
prior to such expiration. If no Change in Control of the Company occurs 
before Executive’s status as an employee of the Company is terminated, this 
Agreement shall expire on such date.

2. CHANGE IN CONTROL. For purposes of this Agreement, a “Change in Control 
of the Company” shall be deemed to have occurred upon the consummation of 
(A) any change in the ownership of the Company (as defined in Treasury 
Regulation §1.409A-3(i)(5)(v)), (B) a change in effective control of the 
Company (as defined in Treasury Regulation §1.409A-3(i)(5)(vi)), or (C) a 
change in the ownership of a substantial


------------------------------------------------------------------------


portion of the assets of the Company (as defined in Treasury Regulation 
§1.409A-3(i)(5)(vii)). Such treasury regulations presently provide as 
follows: (A) A change in the ownership of a corporation occurs on the date 
that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as defined 
in Treasury Regulation §1.409A-3(i)(5)(v)(B)), acquires ownership of stock 
of the corporation that, together with stock held by such person or group, 
constitutes more than 50 percent of the total fair market value or total 
voting power of the stock of such corporation. (B) A change in effective 
control of the corporation occurs only on either of the following dates: 
(1) The date any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as 
determined under Treasury Regulation §1.409A-3(i)(5)(v)(B)), acquires (or 
has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most 
recent acquisition by such person or persons) ownership of stock of the 
corporation possessing 30 percent or more of the total voting power of the 
stock of such corporation, or (2) The date a majority of members of the 
corporation’s board of directors is replaced during any 12-month period by 
directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of 
the members of the corporation’s board of directors before the date of the 
appointment or election, provided that for purposes of this paragraph the 
term corporation refers solely to the relevant corporation identified in 
Treasury Regulation §1.409A-3(i)(5)(ii) for which no other corporation is a 
majority shareholder for purposes of that paragraph. (C) A change in the 
ownership of a substantial portion of a corporation’s assets occurs on the 
date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as 
determined in Treasury Regulation §1.409A-3(i)(5)(v)(B)), acquires (or has 
acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent 
acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the corporation that 
have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 40 percent of 
the total gross fair market value of all the assets of the corporation 
immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions (or such higher amount 
specified by the plan no later than the date by which the time and form of 
payment must be established under §1.409A-2). For this purpose, gross fair 
market value means the value of the assets of the corporation, or the value 
of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any 
liabilities associated with such assets.

3. TERMINATION FOLLOWING CHANGE IN CONTROL. If a Change in Control of the 
Company shall have occurred while Executive is still an employee of the 
Company, Executive shall be entitled to the payments and benefits provided 
in paragraph 4 hereof upon the subsequent termination of Executive’s 
employment, within one year following the consummation of a Change in 
Control of the Company, by Executive or by the Company unless such 
termination is (a) because of death, “Disability” or “Retirement” (as 
defined below), (b) by the Company for “Cause” (as defined below), or (c) 
by Executive other than for “Good Reason” (as defined below), in any of 
which events Executive shall not be entitled to receive benefits under this 
Agreement.

      (i) Disability.  If, as a result of Executive’s incapacity due to
      physical or mental illness, Executive shall have been absent from his
      duties with the Company on a full-time basis for 90 days, the Company
      may terminate this Agreement for “Disability.”

      (ii) Retirement.  Retirement shall mean the voluntary termination by
      Executive of her employment for other than “Good Reason” (as defined
      below) which termination qualifies as retirement in accordance with
      any pension plan adopted by the Company, pursuant to the Company’s
      normal retirement policies, or in accordance with any retirement
      arrangement established with Executive’s consent with respect to
      Executive; provided, however, that no mandatory retirement, whether
      under any pension plan or in accordance with any such other
      retirement arrangement, shall constitute Retirement for purposes of
      this Agreement, unless Executive has previously consented thereto in
      writing.

      (iii) Cause. Executive’s employment shall cease following a Change in
      Control upon a good faith finding of Cause by the Board. “Cause”
      hereunder means the following:



------------------------------------------------------------------------


            (A) Executive’s personal dishonesty, incompetence or willful
            misconduct, including but not limited to a breach of the
            Company’s or Bancorp’s code of ethics or code of conduct;

            (B) Executive’s breach of fiduciary duty involving personal
            profit;


            (C) Executive’s intentional failure to perform Executive’s
            duties for the Company after a written demand for performance
            is given to Executive by the Board which demand specifically
            identifies the manner in which the Board believes that
            Executive has not performed her duties;

            (D) Executive’s willful violation of any law, rule, regulation
            or final cease and desist order (other than traffic violations
            or similar minor offenses) to the extent detrimental to the
            Company’s business or reputation; or

            (E) the willful engaging by Executive in gross misconduct
            materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company.

Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Executive remains an “at will” 
employee of the Company and the Company can without cause terminate 
Executive’s employment prior to any Change in Control in the discretion of 
the Board of Directors of the Company.

      (iv) Resignation for Good Reason. Following a Change in Control
      during the Term hereof, Executive may, under the following
      circumstances, regard Executive's employment as being constructively
      terminated by the Company (and in such case Executive's employment
      shall terminate) and may, therefore, Resign for Good Reason within
      one year of Executive's discovery of the occurrence of one or more of
      the following events, any of which shall constitute "Good Reason" for
      such Resignation for Good Reason:

            (A)    Without Executive's express written consent, an adverse
            change in Executive’s position or title, the assignment to the
            Executive of any duties or responsibilities inconsistent with
            the Executive’s position or removal of the Executive from or
            any failure to re-elect the Executive to any such positions;

            (B)    A reduction of the Executive’s base salary;

            (C)    A 20%, or greater, reduction in non-salary benefits;

            (D)    Failure of the Company to obtain the assumption of this
            Agreement by any successor; or;

            (E)    Requirement by the Company that the Executive be based
            anywhere other than within 40 miles of the Company’s current
            headquarters in Novato, California

      (v) Notice of Termination. Any termination by the Company pursuant to
      subparagraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) above or by Executive pursuant to
      subparagraph (iv) above shall be communicated by written Notice of
      Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this
      Agreement, a “Notice of Termination” shall mean a notice which shall
      indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied
      upon and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and
      circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of
      Executive’s employment under the provision so indicated.

      (vi) Date of Termination. “Date of Termination” shall mean


------------------------------------------------------------------------



            (A) if this Agreement is terminated for Disability, thirty days
            after Notice of Termination is given,

            (B) if Executive’s employment is terminated pursuant to
            subparagraph (iv) above, the date specified in the Notice of
            Termination,

            (C) if Executive’s employment is terminated for any other
            reason, the date on which a Notice of Termination is given (or,
            if a Notice of Termination is not given, the date of such
            termination), and

            (D) if Executive is entitled to compensation pursuant to
            paragraph 4, the date determined pursuant to such paragraph.

4. COMPENSATION DURING DISABILITY OR UPON TERMINATION.

      (i) If, after a Change in Control of the Company, Executive shall
      fail to perform her duties because of a Disability, Executive shall
      continue to receive her full base salary monthly at the rate then in
      effect until her employment is terminated pursuant to paragraph 3(i)
      hereof.

      (ii) If, after a Change in Control of the Company, Executive’s
      employment shall be terminated for Cause, the Company shall pay
      Executive her full base salary through the Date of Termination at the
      rate in effect at the time Notice of Termination is given and the
      Company shall have no further obligations to Executive under this
      Agreement.

      (iii) If, after a Change in Control of the Company, the Company shall
      terminate Executive’s employment (other than pursuant to paragraph
      3(i) or 3(iii) hereof or by reason of death or Retirement as provided
      in Paragraph 3(ii)) or Executive shall terminate her employment for
      Good Reason, Executive shall be entitled to payments pursuant to this
      paragraph 4:

      The Company shall pay to Executive as severance pay (and without
      regard to the provisions of any benefit plan) in a lump sum on the
      fifth day following the Date of Termination, the following amounts:

               (x) The average salary of the Executive for the last three
               full years of service multiplied by Executive’s Seniority
               Factor; and

               (y) The Executive’s annual bonus for the previous year; and

               (z) Executive’s health premiums under COBRA for 18 months
               and Dental/Vision premiums under COBRA for 12 months.

      Based on Executive’s position as Executive Vice President, Chief
      Financial Officer, the Seniority Factor shall be 1.5.
          
      (iv) Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any
      payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or
      otherwise, nor shall the amount of any payment provided for in this
      paragraph 4 be reduced by any compensation earned by Executive as the
      result of employment by another employer after the Date of
      Termination, or otherwise.



------------------------------------------------------------------------


(v) The provisions of this Agreement, and any payment provided for 
hereunder, shall not reduce any amounts otherwise payable, or in any way 
diminish Executive’s existing rights, or rights which would accrue solely 
as a result of the passage of time, under any employee benefit plan of the 
Company, any employment Agreement or other contract, plan or arrangement of 
the Company, except to the extent necessary to prevent double payment under 
any severance plan or program of the Company in effect at the Date of 
Termination.

5. SUCCESSOR’S BINDING AGREEMENT 
 
      (i) The Company will require any successor (whether direct or
      indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or
      substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company, by
      Agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Executive expressly
      to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and
      to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if
      no such succession had taken place.

      (ii) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable
      by, Executive’s personal or legal representatives, executors,
      administrators, successors, heirs, distributes, devises and legatees.
      If Executive should die while any amounts would still be payable to
      Executive hereunder if Executive had continued to live, all such
      amounts, unless otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in
      accordance with the terms of this Agreement to Executive’s devisee,
      legatee or other designee or, if there be no such designee, to
      Executive’s estate.

6. NO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT. In consideration of the foregoing obligations 
of the Company, Executive agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement and to remain in the employ of the Company during any period 
following any public announcement by any person of any proposed transaction 
or transactions which, if effected, would result in a Change in Control of 
the Company until a Change in Control of the Company has taken place or, in 
the opinion of the Board, such person has abandoned or terminated its 
efforts to effect a Change in Control of the Company. Subject to the 
foregoing including but not limited to the provisions contained in 
Paragraph 1 that a termination in contemplation of a Change in Control 
entitles Executive to the amounts provided in Section 4, nothing contained 
in this Agreement shall impair or interfere in any way with Executive’s 
right to terminate her employment or the right of the Company to terminate 
Executive’s employment with or without cause prior to a Change in Control 
of the Company. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as a 
contract of employment between the Company and Executive or as a right for 
Executive to continue in the employ of the Company, or as a limitation of 
the right of the Company to discharge Executive with or without cause prior 
to a Change in Control of the Company.

7. NOTICE. For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other 
communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall 
be deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by United States 
registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to 
the respective addresses set forth on the last page of this Agreement, 
provided that all notices to the Company should be directed to the 
attention of the Chairman of the Company’s Compensation Committee, or to 
such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in 
writing in accordance herewith, except that notices of change of address 
shall be effective only upon receipt.

8. FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each party hereto agrees to furnish and execute such 
additional forms and documents, and to take such further action, as shall 
be reasonable and customarily required in connection with the performance 
of this Agreement or the payment of benefits hereunder.

9. MISCELLANEOUS. No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or 
discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in 
writing signed by Executive and such officer as may


------------------------------------------------------------------------


be specifically designated by the Board of Directors of the Company. No 
waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party 
hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement 
to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or 
dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or 
subsequent time. No Agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, 
express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been 
made by either party which are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. 
This Agreement contains the entire Agreement among the parties and 
supersedes and replaces any prior Agreement between the parties concerning 
the subject matter hereof. The validity, interpretation, construction and 
performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of 
California.

10. VALIDITY. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this 
Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other 
provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.

11. COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but all of 
which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

12. ARBITRATION. Any dispute or controversy arising or in connection with 
this Agreement shall, upon written request of one party to the other, be 
submitted to and settled exclusively by arbitration pursuant to the rules 
of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment may be entered on the 
arbitrator's award in any court of competent jurisdiction. The cost of such 
arbitration, including reasonable attorney’s fees, shall be borne by the 
losing party or in such proportions as the arbitrator(s) shall decide. 
Arbitration shall be the exclusive remedy of Executive and the Company and 
the award of the arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding upon the parties. 
All reasonable costs, including reasonable attorney’s fees, incurred in 
enforcing an arbitration award in court, or of seeking a court order to 
compel arbitration, shall be borne by the losing party in such proceedings.

13. ADVICE OF COUNSEL. Executive acknowledges that he has been encouraged 
to consult with legal counsel of her choosing concerning the terms of this 
Agreement prior to executing this Agreement. Any failure by Executive to 
consult with competent counsel prior to executing this Agreement shall not 
be a basis for rescinding or otherwise avoiding the binding effect of this 
Agreement. The parties acknowledge that they are entering into this 
Agreement freely and voluntarily, with full understanding of the terms of 
this Agreement. Interpretation of the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement shall not be construed for or against either party on the basis 
of the identity of the party who drafted the terms or provisions in 
question.

14. REDUCTION OF PAYMENT.  Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the 
contrary, if the severance payment or any of the other payments provided 
for in this Agreement, together with any other payments which Executive has 
the right to receive from the Company would constitute a "parachute 
payment" (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended, or such similar set of laws (the “Code”)), the payments 
pursuant to this Agreement shall be reduced to the largest amount as will 
result in no portion of such payments being subject to the excise tax 
imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, provided, however, that the 
determination as to whether any reduction in the payments under this 
Agreement pursuant to this proviso is necessary shall be made in good faith 
by Perry-Smith LLP or if such firm is no longer providing tax services to 
Company to such other advisor as shall be mutually acceptable to Company 
and Executive, and such determination shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Company and Executive with respect to the treatment of the payment for 
tax reporting purposes.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of 
the day and year first above written.



------------------------------------------------------------------------




ATTEST:
 
BANK OF MARIN
 
 
Pell Plaza
 
 
504 Redwood Boulevard, Suite 100
 
 
Novato, CA 94947
 
 
 
 
 
 
Witness
 
President & CEO
 
 
Russell A. Colombo
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THE EXECUTIVE
 
 
Pell Plaza
 
 
504 Redwood Boulevard, Suite 100
 
 
Novato, CA 94947
 
 
 
 
 
 
Witness
 
EVP, CFO
 
 
Tani Girton



