 EX-10.1 2 ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
This Chief Financial Officer Employment Agreement (this “Agreement”) is 
made effective as of October 2, 2014 (the “Effective Date”), by and between 
Bone Biologics, Corp. (“Company”) and Deina Walsh (“Executive”).
 
The parties agree as follows:
 
1.	Employment. Commencing on the Effective Date, Company hereby employs 
Executive, and Executive hereby accepts such employment, upon the terms and 
conditions set forth herein.
 
2.	Duties.
 
2.1	Position. Executive is employed as Company’s Chief Financial Officer 
and shall have the authority, duties and responsibilities assigned by 
Company’s President (“President”) both upon initial hire and as may be 
reasonably assigned from time to time. Executive shall perform faithfully 
and diligently all duties assigned to Executive. Subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth herein (including, but not limited to, the terms and 
conditions set forth in subsection 7.2 below) Company reserves the right to 
modify Executive’s position and duties at any time in its sole and absolute 
discretion.
 
2.2	Best Efforts/Partl-time. Executive will expend Executive’s best efforts 
on behalf of Company, and will abide by all written policies of Company and 
directions of Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board of Directors”), as 
well as all applicable federal, state and local laws, regulations or 
ordinances. Executive will act in the best interest of Company at all 
times. Executive shall devote such time required to accomplish Executive’s 
assigned duties for the Company, but not less than 50% of all business time 
and efforts to the performance of such duties for Company. Except as set 
forth in Exhibit A, Executive shall notify the Board of Directors in 
advance of Executive’s intent to engage in other paid work and receives the 
Board of Directors’ express written consent to do so. Executive has listed 
on Exhibit A other paid work that is currently ongoing, and agrees to make 
a good faith effort not to let that other paid work interfere with her work 
for Company.
 
2.3	Duty; Conflicts. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive owes 
a fiduciary duty of loyalty, fidelity, and allegiance to act at all times 
in the best interests of the Company and its subsidiaries, managers and 
affiliates (collectively with Company, the “Company Group”) and to do no 
act which would, directly or indirectly, injure any such entity’s business, 
interests, or reputation. It is agreed that any direct or indirect interest 
in, connection with, or benefit from any outside activities, particularly 
commercial activities, which interest might in any way adversely affect the 
Company Group, involves a possible conflict of interest. In keeping with 
Executive’s fiduciary duties to the Company, Executive agrees that 
Executive shall not knowingly become involved in a conflict of interest the 
Company Group, or upon discovery thereof, allow such a conflict to 
continue. Moreover, except as set forth in Exhibit A, Executive shall not 
engage in any activity that might involve a possible conflict of interest 
without first obtaining approval in accordance with the Company’s policies 
and procedures. The Company acknowledges that Executive’s work for AFH 
Holding & Advisory, as described in Exhibit A, does not constitute a 
conflict of interest under this Section 2.3, provided, however, that the 
Executive shall not participate in any decisions relating to AFH Holding & 
Advisory, including but not limited to its compensation. In addition, the 
Executive shall not disclose any Confidential Information to AFH Holding & 
Advisory or its affiliates, officers, directors, employees or agents.
 
 

 
 
2.4	Work Location. Executive’s principal place of work shall be located at 
Company’s facilities in Orange County, California (“Primary Workplace”), or 
such other location as the parties may agree upon from time to time. 
However, Executive’s principal place of work shall not be moved more than 
30 miles without Executive’s prior written consent.
  
3.	At-Will Employment. Executive’s employment with Company is at-will and 
not for any specified period and may be terminated at any time, with or 
without Cause (as defined below) or advance notice, by either Executive or 
Company subject to the provisions regarding termination set forth below in 
Section 7. No representative of Company, other than the Board of Directors, 
has the authority to alter the at-will employment relationship. Any change 
to the at-will employment relationship must be by specific, written 
agreement approved by the Board of Directors and signed by Executive and 
either a duly authorized officer of Company or a duly authorized member of 
the Board of Directors. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to or should 
be construed to contradict, modify or alter this at-will relationship.
 
4.	Compensation.
 
4.1	Base Salary. As compensation for Executive’s performance of Executive’s 
duties hereunder, Company shall pay to Executive an initial base salary of 
$100,000.00 per year, less required deductions for state and federal 
withholding tax, social security and all other employment taxes and payroll 
deductions, payable in accordance with Company’s normal payroll practices 
(but in any event Executive shall receive pro-rata payments of base salary 
at least once each calendar month). In the event Executive’s employment 
under this Agreement is terminated by either party, for any reason, 
Executive will earn the base salary as then in-effect prorated to the date 
of termination.
 
4.2	Incentive Compensation. During each calendar year beginning in 2015, 
Executive shall be eligible to earn an annual target bonus of thirty-five 
percent (35%) of Executive’s base salary (“Target Bonus”) as in-effect for 
the applicable calendar year (the “Annual Bonus”), subject to the 
achievement of personal and corporate objectives or milestones to be 
established by the Board of Directors, or any Compensation Committee 
thereof, (after considering any input or recommendations from Executive) 
within sixty (60) days following the beginning of each calendar year during 
Executive’s employment. In order to earn the Annual Bonus under this 
provision, the applicable objectives must be achieved and Executive must be 
employed by Company at the time the Annual Bonus is distributed by Company. 
The Annual Bonus, if any, shall be paid on or before March 15th of the 
calendar year following the year in which it is considered earned. The 
actual Annual Bonus paid may be more or less than the Target Bonus.
 
4.3	Performance and Salary Review. The Board of Directors will periodically 
review Executive’s performance on no less than an annual basis. Upward 
adjustments to salary or other compensation, if any, will be made by the 
Board of Directors, in its sole and absolute discretion.
 
-2-

 
  
4.4	Stock Option. In addition, subject to the approval of the Board of 
Directors, Executive will be granted an option to purchase .75% of the 
outstanding shares of Company common stock (the “Option”). The Option will 
be granted under Company’s stock plan (as amended from time to time, the “
Plan”) and related stock option documents. The Option is intended to be an 
“incentive stock option” (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) to the greatest extent 
permitted under the Code. The Option will have an exercise price per share 
equal to $1.00, the price of the shares awarded under the Merger Agreement 
in connection with certain merger of Bone Biologics Acquisition Corp. with 
and into Bone Biologics, Inc. pursuant to which Bone Biologics, Inc. became 
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Company. As a condition of receipt of the 
Option, Executive will be required to sign Company’s standard form of stock 
option agreement (the “Option Agreement”) and the Option will be subject to 
the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Option Agreement and this 
Agreement. The Option will vest over a three-year period from the Effective 
Date subject to Executive’s continued Service (as defined in the Plan), 
with 33.33% of the shares subject to the Option becoming vested and 
exercisable on the date that this Agreement is executed, 33.33% of the 
shares subject to the Option becoming vested and exercisable on the date 
that is twelve (12) months after the Effective Date, and 33.34% of the 
shares subject to the Option vesting and becoming exercisable on the date 
that is twenty four (24) months after the Effective Date; provided, 
however, that all unvested shares subject to the Option (and any additional 
equity awards hereafter issued by Company to Executive pursuant to the 
Plan) shall fully vest and be exercisable if Executive’s Service ceases as 
a result of a Qualifying Termination (as defined below) occurring on or 
within twelve (12) months after a Change in Control (as defined in the 
Plan).
 
4.5	280G. If, due to the benefits provided under Section 4.4 above, 
Executive is subject to any excise tax due to characterization of any 
amounts payable under Section 4.4 as excess parachute payments pursuant to 
Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the 
regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the “Code”), the amounts 
payable under Section 4.4 will be reduced (to the least extent possible) in 
order to avoid any “excess parachute payment” under section 280G(b)(1) of 
the Code.
 
5.	Customary Fringe Benefits. Executive will be eligible to participate in 
any employee benefit plans, fringe benefits, perquisites or other 
arrangements maintained by Company on no less favorable terms than for 
other Company executives subject to the terms and conditions of Company’s 
benefit plan documents, provided, however, that if the Company has no such 
benefit plan document in effect, the Company shall reimburse fifty percent 
(50%) of the Executive’s costs for such fringe benefits. Company reserves 
the right to change or eliminate the fringe benefits on a prospective 
basis, at any time, effective upon notice to Executive. Commencing on the 
Effective Date, Executive shall annually accrue and use paid vacation 
subject to the terms and conditions of Company’s vacation policy as in 
effect from time to time. Any unused accrued vacation shall be paid out to 
Executive in cash upon Executive’s termination of employment for any reason 
applying Executive’s rate of base salary as in-effect at such time.
 
-3-

 
 
6.	Business Expenses. Executive will be promptly reimbursed for all 
reasonable, out-of-pocket business expenses incurred in the performance of 
Executive’s duties on behalf of Company. To obtain reimbursement, expenses 
must be submitted promptly with appropriate supporting documentation and 
will be reimbursed in accordance with Company’s policies. Any reimbursement 
Executive is entitled to receive shall (a) be paid no later than the last 
day of Executive’s tax year following the tax year in which the expense was 
incurred, (b) not be affected by any other expenses that are eligible for 
reimbursement in any tax year, and (c) not be subject to liquidation or 
exchange for another benefit.
 
7.	Termination of Executive’s Employment.
 
7.1	Termination for Cause by Company. Although Company anticipates a 
mutually rewarding employment relationship with Executive, Company may 
terminate Executive’s employment immediately at any time for Cause subject 
to the terms of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, “Cause” is 
defined as: (a) acts or omissions constituting gross negligence, 
recklessness or willful misconduct on the part of Executive with respect to 
Executive’s obligations or otherwise relating to the business of Company; 
(b) any acts or conduct by Executive that are materially adverse to 
Company’s interests; (c) Executive’s material breach of this Agreement; (d) 
Executive’s material breach of Company’s Employee Proprietary Information 
and Inventions Agreement; (e) Executive’s breach of her obligations under 
Section 2.3; (f) Executive’s conviction or entry of a plea of nolo 
contendere for fraud, misappropriation or embezzlement, or any felony or 
crime of moral turpitude or that otherwise materially negatively impacts 
Executive’s ability to effectively perform Executive’s duties hereunder; 
(g) Executive’s willful neglect of duties as determined in the good faith 
discretion of the Board of Directors (provided that poor performance and/or 
subpar results by themselves do not constitute Cause); or (h) the winding 
down of Company’s business and/or dissolution or liquidation of Company 
(other than in connection with a change in control). In the event of 
termination of Executive’s employment based on clauses (a), (b) or (g) 
above, Executive will have fifteen (15) days following receipt of notice 
from Company to cure the issue, if curable. In the event Executive’s 
employment is terminated in accordance with this subsection 7.1 Executive 
shall be entitled to receive only Executive’s base salary then in effect, 
prorated to the date of termination plus all vacation, and benefits accrued 
through the date of termination any earned (as determined by the Board of 
Directors) but unpaid bonus for a prior completed calendar year 
(collectively, “Standard Entitlements”). In addition, Executive shall be 
entitled to receive reimbursement of any business expenses, to the extent 
not previously reimbursed, in accordance with Section 6 above. Except for 
any terms and conditions of this Agreement that by their terms survive 
termination of Executive’s employment, all other Company obligations to 
Executive pursuant to this Agreement will become automatically terminated 
and completely extinguished. Executive will not be entitled to receive the 
Severance Package or other amounts described in subsection 7.2 below. For 
clarification, the foregoing is an exclusive list of the acts or omissions 
that shall be considered “Cause” for the termination of Executive’s 
employment by Company.
 
-4-

 
  
7.2	Qualifying Termination/Severance. Company may terminate Executive’s 
employment under this Agreement without Cause at any time on written notice 
to Executive and Executive may resign her employment for Good Reason as 
defined below (either of such terminations is a “Qualifying Termination”). 
As used in this Agreement, “Good Reason" shall mean that any one or more of 
the following events have occurred without Executive’s express prior 
written consent:
 
        (i)	A material adverse change in Executive’s authority, duties
        and/or responsibilities such that Executive’s authority, duties
        and/or responsibilities are no longer commensurate with Executive
        being Company’s most senior financial officer;
 
        (ii)	The relocation of the Primary Workplace to a location that
        increases Executive’s daily commute by more than thirty (30) miles
        from its location specified in subsection 2.3 above;
 
        (iii)	Any material breach by Company of any material term of this
        Agreement; or
 
        (iv) 	Any material reduction by Company (or its successor) of (A)
        Executive’s base salary or (B) Executive’s Target Bonus, unless any
        such the reduction is made as part of, and is generally consistent
        with, a general reduction of senior executive base salaries or
        target bonuses, respectively, in which case such a reduction shall
        not constitute Good Reason.
 
In order to resign Executive’s employment for Good Reason, Executive must 
within 60 days of Executive’s awareness of the applicable Good Reason 
event(s) provide Company with written notice informing Company about 
Executive’s intention to resign Executive’s employment for Good Reason 
unless such event(s) is cured or remedied by Company (“Good Reason Notice
“). Company will have 30 days after its receipt of such Good Reason Notice 
to cure or remedy the Good Reason event(s). If Company does not timely cure 
or remedy the Good Reason event(s), then Executive can resign Executive’s 
employment for Good Reason at any time within 30 days following the 
expiration of the 30 day cure/remedy period. This “Good Reason” definition 
and process is intended to constitute an involuntary separation from 
service as provided under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(n) and 
shall be interpreted accordingly.
 
In the event of a Qualifying Termination, Executive will receive the 
Standard Entitlements and shall be entitled to receive reimbursement of any 
business expenses, to the extent not previously reimbursed, in accordance 
with Section 6 above. In addition, Executive will receive (a) a “Severance 
Payment” in an amount which is equivalent to six (6) months of Executive’s 
base salary then in effect on the date of termination, payable in equal 
installments (but no less frequently than once per calendar month) over a 
period of six (6) months, in accordance with Company’s regular payroll 
cycle, beginning on the first payroll date following the date on which the 
general release referenced below has become effective and (b) payment (or 
reimbursement) of monthly premiums for Executive and Executive’s 
dependents’ group health care coverage continuation pursuant to the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986, for such six-month 
period, provided Executive elects to continue and remains eligible for such 
benefits and does not become eligible for health coverage through another 
employer during this period (together with the Severance Payment, the “
Severance Package”). Executive will only receive the Severance Package and 
other severance benefits and payments described if Executive: (i) complies 
with all surviving provisions of this Agreement as specified in subsection 
15.8 below; and (ii) executes a separation agreement and release of claims 
agreement and such release has become effective in accordance with its 
terms prior to the 60th day following the termination date. Except for any 
terms and conditions of this Agreement that by their terms survive 
termination of Executive’s employment, all other Company obligations to 
Executive pursuant to this Agreement will become automatically terminated 
and completely extinguished.
 
-5-

 
 
7.3	 Voluntary Resignation by Executive. Executive may voluntarily resign 
Executive’s position with Company at any time without Good Reason. In the 
event of Executive’s resignation without Good Reason, Executive will be 
entitled to receive only the Standard Entitlements. In addition, Executive 
shall be entitled to receive reimbursement of any business expenses, to the 
extent not previously reimbursed, in accordance with Section 6 above. 
Except for any terms and conditions of this Agreement that by their terms 
survive termination of Executive’s employment, all other Company 
obligations to Executive pursuant to this Agreement will become 
automatically terminated and completely extinguished. In addition, 
Executive will not be entitled to receive the Severance Package or other 
amounts described in subsection 7.2 above.
 
7.4	Termination upon Death or Disability. If Company terminates Executive’s 
employment as a result of Executive’s Disability (as defined below), or if 
Executive’s employment is terminated due to the death of Executive, then 
Executive shall become entitled to the Standard Entitlements. Except as 
provided below, Executive shall not be entitled to receive severance or 
other benefits except those (if any) as may then be established under 
Company’s then existing severance and benefit plans and policies and 
applicable to all employees at the time of Executive’s death or such 
Disability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Executive’s employment is 
terminated due to the death or Disability of Executive, then Executive 
shall be entitled to receive a Severance Payment in an amount which is 
equivalent to (i) six (6) months of Executive’s base salary then in effect 
on the date of termination, minus (ii) the aggregate amount that Employee 
is entitled to receive under Company’s paid life insurance policy or 
disability insurance policy, such remaining amount to be payable to 
Executive in equal installments (but no less frequently than once per 
calendar month) over a period of six (6) months, in accordance with 
Company’s regular payroll cycle, beginning on the first payroll date 
following the date on which the general release referenced in Section 7.2 
has become effective. In the event of Executive’s death, all such payments 
contemplated in this Section 7.4 shall be made to such person as Executive 
will designate in a notice filed with Company or, if no such person is 
designated, to Executive’s estate. In addition, upon the Disability or 
death of Executive, Company shall pay (or reimburse) the monthly premiums 
for the continued benefit of Executive or Executive’s immediate family, as 
applicable, of group health care coverage continuation pursuant to the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1986, for a six-month 
period (in addition to the “Severance Payment” contemplated hereunder, the 
“Severance Package”). As used herein, the term “Disability” shall mean that 
Executive has been unable to perform Executive’s duties under this 
Agreement as the result of Executive’s incapacity due to physical or mental 
illness, and such inability, at least 26 weeks after its commencement, is 
determined to be total and permanent by a physician selected by Company or 
its insurers and reasonably acceptable to Executive or Executive’s legal 
representative (such Agreement as to acceptability not to be unreasonably 
withheld.). Termination resulting from Disability may only be effected 
after at least 30 days’ written notice by Company of its intention to 
terminate Executive’s employment. In the event that Executive resumes the 
performance of substantially all of Executive’s duties hereunder before the 
termination of Executive’s employment becomes effective, the notice of 
intent to terminate shall automatically be deemed to have been revoked.
 
- 6 -

 
 
7.5	Resignation of Other Positions. Should Executive’s employment terminate 
for any reason, Executive agrees to immediately resign all other positions 
Executive may hold with or on behalf of Company.
 
7.6	Application of Section 409A.
 
(a)	Notwithstanding anything set forth in this Agreement to the contrary, 
no amount payable pursuant to this Agreement which constitutes a “deferral 
of compensation” within the meaning of the Treasury Regulations issued 
pursuant to Section 409A of the Code (the “Section 409A Regulations”) that 
is to be paid based upon Executive’s termination of employment shall be 
paid unless and until Executive has incurred a “separation from service” 
within the meaning of the Section 409A Regulations. Furthermore, to the 
extent that Executive is a “specified employee” within the meaning of the 
Section 409A Regulations as of the date of Executive’s separation from 
service, no amount that constitutes a deferral of compensation which is 
payable on account of Executive’s separation from service shall be paid to 
Executive before the date (the “Delayed Payment Date”) which is the first 
day of the seventh month after the date of Executive’s separation from 
service or, if earlier, the date of Executive’s death following such 
separation from service. All such amounts that would, but for this Section, 
become payable prior to the Delayed Payment Date will be accumulated and 
paid on the Delayed Payment Date.
 
(b)	Company intends that income provided to Executive pursuant to this 
Agreement or otherwise will not be subject to taxation under Section 409A 
of the Code and Company shall utilize commercially reasonable efforts in 
administering this Agreement and any payments or benefits to be provided to 
Executive to ensure that Executive is not subject to any such taxation. The 
provisions of this Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in favor of 
satisfying any applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
However, Company does not guarantee any particular tax effect for income 
provided to Executive pursuant to this Agreement. In any event, except for 
Company’s responsibility to withhold applicable income and employment taxes 
from compensation paid or provided to Executive, Company shall not be 
responsible for the payment of any applicable taxes on compensation paid or 
provided to Executive pursuant to this Agreement.
 
(c)	Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the reimbursement of 
expenses or in-kind benefits provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be 
subject to the following conditions: (1) the expenses eligible for 
reimbursement or in-kind benefits in one taxable year shall not affect the 
expenses eligible for reimbursement or in-kind benefits in any other 
taxable year; (2) the reimbursement of eligible expenses or in-kind 
benefits shall be made promptly, subject to Company’s applicable policies, 
but in no event later than the end of the year after the year in which such 
expense was incurred; and (3) the right to reimbursement or in-kind 
benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another 
benefit.
 
-7-

 
 
(d)	For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, the right to a series of 
installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to a 
series of separate payments.
 
8.	No Conflict of Interest. During the term of Executive’s employment with 
Company, Executive must not engage in any work, paid or unpaid, or other 
activities that create a conflict of interest. Such work and/or activities 
shall include, but is not limited to, directly or indirectly competing with 
Company in any way, or acting as an officer, director, employee, 
consultant, advisor, stockholder, volunteer, lender, or agent of any 
business enterprise of the same nature as, or which is in direct 
competition with, the business in which Company is now engaged or in which 
Company becomes engaged during the term of Executive’s employment with 
Company, as may be determined by the Board of Directors in its sole 
discretion. If the Board of Directors believes such a conflict exists 
during the term of this Agreement, the Board of Directors may ask Executive 
to choose to discontinue the other work and/or activities or resign 
employment with Company (if Executive elects to not discontinue such other 
work or activities).
 
9.	Nondisparagement. Executive agrees that during and after Executive’s 
employment with Company, Executive will not make any voluntary statements, 
written or oral, or cause or encourage others to make any such statements 
that defame, disparage or in any way criticize the personal and/or business 
reputations, practices or conduct of Company or any of its officers or 
directors.
 
10.	Confidential Information.
 
10.1	Confidentiality. In the course of Executive’s employment by Company, 
Executive will have access to Confidential Information (as defined below) 
of Company and its affiliates, subsidiaries, chapters, and members. 
Executive agrees to maintain the strict confidentiality of all Confidential 
Information during the term of this Agreement and thereafter. For purposes 
of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" shall mean all information 
and materials of Company, and all information and materials received by 
Company from third parties (including but not limited to affiliates, 
subsidiaries, chapters, and members of Company), which are not generally 
publicly available and all other information and materials which are of a 
proprietary or confidential nature, and are deemed by Company as such.
 
10.2	Intellectual Property. Executive recognizes and agrees that all 
copyrights, trademarks, patents, and other intellectual property rights to 
works or marks arising in from or in connection with Executive's employment 
by Company, and that are within the scope of Executive's employment by 
Company, are the sole and exclusive property of Company. Executive agrees 
not to assert any such rights against Company or any third party. Executive 
agrees to assign, and hereby does assign, to Company all rights, if any, in 
or to such works or marks that may accrue to the Executive during the term 
of this Agreement.
 
11.	Agreement Not to Solicit Employees. During the term of this Agreement 
and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following the 
termination of this Agreement, Executive shall not, either directly or 
indirectly, on her own behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, 
solicit or recruit (or attempt to solicit or recruit) any person employed 
by Company to or for any business, organization, program, or activity that 
competes with any program, activity or operation of Company.
 
-8-

 
 
12.	Agreement Not to Compete. During the term of Executive's employment 
under this Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately 
following the termination of this Agreement, Executive shall not (except on 
behalf of or with the prior written consent of Company), either directly or 
indirectly, perform the same or substantially the same services that 
Executive performed for Company, whether as an employee or in any other 
capacity, on behalf of any trade or professional association, franchise 
company, nonprofit organization or business, which has the same or 
substantially the same membership or purposes as Company.
 
13.	Injunctive Relief. Executive acknowledges that Executive’s breach of 
the covenants contained in Sections 8-12 (collectively “Covenants”) would 
cause irreparable injury to Company and agrees that in the event of any 
such breach, Company shall be entitled to seek temporary, and preliminary 
injunctive relief pursuant to the California Arbitration Act, without the 
necessity of proving actual damages or posting any bond or other security.
 
14.	Arbitration. In the event of any dispute or claim relating to or 
arising out of the employment relationship between Executive and Company or 
the termination of that relationship (including, but not limited to, any 
claims of breach of contract, wrongful termination or age, sex, race, 
disability or other discrimination), Executive and Company agree that all 
such disputes shall be resolved by binding arbitration conducted before a 
single neutral arbitrator in Ventura County, California, pursuant to the 
rules for arbitration of employment disputes by the American Arbitration 
Association (available at www.adr.org) and the rules set forth in the 
California Arbitration Act, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1280, et seq. 
(available at www.leginfo.ca.gov/calaw.html). The arbitrator shall permit 
adequate discovery, including discovery pursuant to Section 1283.05 of the 
California Code of Civil Procedure. In addition, the arbitrator is 
empowered to award all remedies otherwise available in a court of competent 
jurisdiction; however Executive and Company each retain the right under 
Section 1281.8 of the California Code of Civil Procedure to seek 
provisional remedies. Any judgment rendered by the arbitrator may be 
entered by any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator shall issue 
an award in writing and state the essential findings and conclusions on 
which the award is based. By executing this Agreement, Executive and 
Company are both waiving the right to a jury trial with respect to any such 
disputes. Company shall bear the costs of the arbitrator, forum and filing 
fees. Each party shall bear its own respective attorneys’ fees and all 
other costs, unless otherwise provided by law and awarded by the 
arbitrator. This arbitration agreement does not include claims that, by 
law, may not be subject to mandatory arbitration.
 
15.	General Provisions.
 
15.1	Successors and Assigns. The rights and obligations of Company under 
this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon the 
successors and assigns of Company. Executive shall not be entitled to 
assign any of Executive’s rights or obligations under this Agreement 
(except by will or the laws of descent and distribution). For avoidance of 
doubt, any payments or obligations that Company owes to Executive shall be 
paid to Executive’s heirs or estate in the event of Executive’s death.
 
-9-

 
 
15.2	Waiver. Either party’s failure to enforce any provision of this 
Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such 
provision, or prevent that party thereafter from enforcing each and every 
other provision of this Agreement.
 
15.3	Attorneys’ Fees. Each side will bear its own attorneys’ fees in any 
dispute unless a statutory section at issue, if any, authorizes the award 
of attorneys’ fees to the prevailing party.
 
15.4	Severability. In the event any provision of this Agreement is found to 
be unenforceable by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction, such 
provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to allow 
enforceability of the provision as so limited, it being intended that the 
parties shall receive the benefit contemplated herein to the fullest extent 
permitted by law. If a deemed modification is not satisfactory in the 
judgment of such arbitrator or court, the unenforceable provision shall be 
deemed deleted, and the validity and enforceability of the remaining 
provisions shall not be affected thereby.
 
15.5	Interpretation; Construction. The headings set forth in this Agreement 
are for convenience only and shall not be used in interpreting this 
Agreement. This Agreement has been drafted by legal counsel representing 
Company, but Executive has participated in the negotiation of its terms. 
Furthermore, Executive acknowledges that Executive has had an opportunity 
to review and revise the Agreement and have it reviewed by legal counsel, 
if desired, and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect 
that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall 
not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement.
 
15.6	Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of California. 
Each party consents to the jurisdiction and venue of the state courts in 
Orange County, California, or the federal courts in Los Angeles County, 
California, if applicable, in any action, suit, or proceeding arising out 
of or relating to this Agreement.
 
15.7	Notices. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be 
in writing and shall be delivered as follows with notice deemed given as 
indicated: (a) by personal delivery when delivered personally; (b) by 
overnight courier upon written verification of receipt; (c) by telecopy or 
facsimile transmission upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic 
transmission; or (d) by certified or registered mail, return receipt 
requested, upon verification of receipt. Notice shall be sent to the 
addresses set forth below, or such other address as either party may 
specify in writing:
 
If to Company:
 
Bone Biologics, Corp.
175 May Street, Suite 400
Edison, NJ 08837
 
If to Executive:
 
Deina Walsh
37 Telephone Road
West Henrietta, NY 14586
 
-10-

 
  
15.8	Survival. Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 and 16 of this 
Agreement shall survive Executive’s employment by Company.
 
16.	Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement 
between the parties relating to this subject matter and supersedes all 
prior or simultaneous representations, discussions, negotiations, and 
agreements, whether written or oral. This agreement may be amended or 
modified only with the written consent of Executive and the Board. No oral 
waiver, amendment or modification will be effective under any circumstances 
whatsoever. In the event of any conflict in terms between this Agreement 
and the Plan or any Company policy, the terms of this Agreement shall 
prevail and govern.
 
Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]
 
-11-

 
 
THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT HAVE READ THE FOREGOING AGREEMENT AND FULLY 
UNDERSTAND EACH AND EVERY PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN. WHEREFORE, THE 
PARTIES HAVE EXECUTED THIS AGREEMENT ON THE DATES SHOWN BELOW.
 
Deina Walsh:
  	  	 
Dated: 11/4/14 	/s/ Deina H. Walsh
  	(Signature) 	 
  	  	 
BONE BIOLOGICS, Corp: 
  	  	 
Dated: 11/4/14 	By: 	/s/ William Jay Treat
  	Name: 	William Jay Treat
  	Title:   	President & Chief Technology Officer
 
[Signature Page to Chief Financial Officer Employment Agreement]
  
 

 
 
Exhibit A
 
1. 	AFH Holding & Advisory – professional services related to financial 
statement preparation, SEC filings, tax filings and other financial related 
services.
  	 
2. 	DHW CPA, PLLC – PCAOB registered accounting firm performing audits of 
public and non-public entities.
 
[Signature Page to Chief Financial Officer Employment Agreement]
 
 

 
 
 