 EX-10 2 ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
Exhibit 10.1
  
 
CONVERTIBLE LOAN AGREEMENT
 
THIS CONVERTIBLE LOAN AGREEMENT made as of the 6th of November, 2014 (the 
"Effective Date").
 
BETWEEN:
 
        DEL TORO SILVER CORP., with an address at 320 North Carson Street,
        Carson City, Nevada 89701
 
        (hereinafter referred to as the "Company")
 
AND:
 
        Patrick Fagen, with an address at 2229 Tahoe Vista Drive, South
        lake Tahoe, CA 96150 (hereinafter referred to as the "Lender")
 
WHEREAS:
 
A.     The Company has borrowed from the Lender, and the Lender has 
provided to the Company, certain funds (defined herein as the "Loan"), 
which the parties have agreed to make subject to the terms and conditions 
set forth herein;
 
B.     The Loan is convertible (the "Conversion") into securities of the 
Company consisting of common shares of the Company with a par value of 
$0.001 (the "Shares") upon the terms and conditions set forth herein; and
 
C.     The Lender understands and acknowledges to the Company that this 
Agreement is being made pursuant to an exemption (the "Exemption") from 
registration provided by Section 4(2) of the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and Rule 506 of Regulation D of 
the Securities Act for the private offering of securities.
 
NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSES that in consideration of the mutual 
covenants and agreements herein contained, the receipt of which is hereby 
acknowledged by each of the parties hereto, the parties hereto covenant and 
agree each with the other (the "Agreement") as follows:
 
1.       Representations and Warranties of the Lender
 
(a)     The Lender represents and warrants to, and covenants and agrees 
with the Company that:
 
  	
(i)
the Lender makes the Loan to the Company and acquires the Conversion Right 
(as defined herein) in reliance upon the Exemption from registration 
provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D 
of the Securities Act for the private offering of securities;
 
  	
(ii)
the Lender is eligible to make the Loan to the Company and acquire the 
Conversion Right in the Company under Regulation D, and all statements set 
forth in the Declaration of Regulation D Eligibility, attached hereto as 
Schedule A, are true and correct and may be relied upon by the Company; 
further, all information, representations and warranties contained in this 
Agreement, or that have been otherwise given to the Company, are correct 
and complete as of the date hereof, and may be relied upon by the Company;
 
  	
(iii)
the Lender is aware of the significant economic and other risks involved in 
making the Loan to the Company and in acquiring and/or exercising the 
Conversion Right;
  
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
-2- 
 
 

(iv)

the Lender has consulted with its own legal advisor as to this Agreement 
and its eligibility to acquire and/or exercise the Conversion Right under 
the laws of its home jurisdiction and acknowledges that the Company has 
made no effort and takes no responsibility for the consequences to the 
Lender as an investor acquiring this Conversion right and, in particular, 
in purchasing the securities upon exercise, if any, of the Conversion 
Right;

     
 

(v)

no federal or state agency has passed upon, or make any finding or 
determination as to the fairness of this investment, and that there have 
been no federal or state agency recommendations or endorsements of the 
investment made hereunder;

     
 

(vi)

the Lender acknowledges that:

 
  	
A.
there are substantial restrictions on the sale or transferability of any 
Shares acquired upon exercise of the Conversion Right and understands that, 
although the Company is a reporting company, the Lender is, upon exercising 
the Conversion Rights, purchasing unregistered securities;
 
  	
B.
the Lender may not be able to liquidate this investment in the event of any 
financial emergency and will be required to bear the economic risk of this 
investment for a lengthy or even indefinite period of time;
 
  	
C.
the Company is not contractually obligated to register under the Securities 
Act any Shares acquired upon an exercise of the Conversion Right; and
 
  	
D.
any Shares acquired by the Lender upon exercise of the Conversion Right may 
never be sold or otherwise transferred without registration under the 
Securities Act, unless an exemption from registration is available.
 
 

(vii)

the Lender, alone or with its advisor, has enough knowledge and experience 
in financial and business matters to make it capable of evaluating the 
merits and risks of investing in the Company;

     
 

(viii)

the Lender makes the Loan to the Company and acquires the Conversion Right 
as principal for its own account and not for the benefit of any other 
person;

 
 

(ix)

the Lender understands that any Certificates representing Shares acquired 
by the Lender upon exercise of the Conversion Right will have a resale 
legend on them that will read substantially as follows:

     
        The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the
        U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act")
        and are being offered and sold within the United States only to
        Accredited Investors (as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D
        under the U.S. Securities Act). Prospective subscribers of the
        Securities in the United States are hereby notified that the seller
        of the Securities is relying upon the exemption from the provisions
        of Section 5 of the U.S. Securities Act provided in Section 4(2) of
        the U.S. Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D under the U.S.
        Securities Act for non-public offerings. The Securities offered
        hereby are not transferable except in accordance with the
        restrictions described herein.
 
 

(x)

the Lender has good and sufficient right and authority to enter into this 
Agreement and to carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
on the terms and conditions contained herein.

      
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
-3-
 
(b)     The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of and by 
the Lender contained in, or delivered pursuant to, this Agreement shall be 
true at and as of the Effective Date and shall remain in full force and 
effect throughout the term of this Agreement.
 
2.     The Loan
 
(a)     Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Lender hereby agrees to 
loan to the Company, and the Company hereby agrees to borrow from the 
Lender, the principal sum of US$1,300 (the "Loan") which has been provided 
on November 6, 2014 (the "Advancement Date).
 
(b)     The principal amount of the Loan, and any accrued and unpaid 
interest calculated in accordance with section 2(c), shall be due and 
payable in full by 5:00 p.m. local time in Las Vegas, Nevada, one (1) year 
from any applicable Advancement Date (the "Due Date"). If such day falls on 
a Sunday or statutory holiday, then by 5:00 p.m. local time in Las Vegas, 
Nevada, on the first business day thereafter the Due Date.
 
(c)     The Loan shall bear interest at a rate of 8% per annum (the 
"Interest") calculated in arrears on the principal amount of the Loan 
outstanding. Interest shall be payable annually, on the subsequent 
anniversaries of the Advancement Date.
 
(d)     The Company shall be entitled to prepay any sum up to the full 
amount of the Loan and accrued interest then outstanding at any time 
without penalty or bonus.
 
(e)     At any time after the Advancement Date, the Lender may by written 
notice (the "Notice") to the Company along with the Declaration attached 
hereto as Schedule A, exercise its rights of Conversion in respect of 
either a portion of or the total outstanding amount of the Loan plus 
accrued Interest as of that date into Shares of the Company, at the price 
of US$.005 per Share (the "Conversion Right").
 
(f)     Within seven (7) days of Notice by the Lender exercising its 
Conversion Rights hereunder, the Company shall cause to be delivered a 
Share Certificate to the Lender representing the number of Shares acquired 
by the Lender pursuant to the calculation set out in subparagraph 2(e) of 
this Agreement.
 
(g)     Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, Interest shall be calculated 
and included in any Conversion of the Loan.
 
3.     Covenants and Agreements of the Lender
 
(a)     The Lender covenants and agrees with the Company that the Lender 
shall not make demand for payment of the Loan prior to the Due Date unless 
the Loan has become due and payable in accordance with the provisions of 
this Agreement.
 
4.     Default
 
(a)     If one or more of the following events shall occur, namely:
 
  	
(i)
the Company fails to repay the Loan or the Interest thereon on the Due 
Date;
 
  	
(ii)
the Company makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or files a 
petition in bankruptcy or is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or petitions 
or applies to any tribunal for any receiver, receiver manager, trustee, 
liquidator or sequestrator of or for the Company or any of the Company's 
assets or undertaking, or the Company makes a proposal or compromise with 
its creditors or if an application or a petition similar to any of the 
foregoing is made by a third party creditor and such application or 
petition remains unstayed or undismissed for a period of thirty (30) days;
  
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
-4-
 
  	
(iii)
an order of execution against any of the Company's assets remains 
unsatisfied for a period of ten (10) days;
 
  	
(iv)
the Company fails to observe and comply with any material term, condition 
or provision of this Agreement or any other agreement or document delivered 
hereunder, and such failure continues unremedied for a period of thirty 
(30) days;
 
  	
(v)
any representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this 
Agreement or any document delivered to the Lender hereunder are found to be 
untrue or incorrect as at the date thereof; or
 
  	
(vi)
the holder (including the Lender) of any mortgage, charge or encumbrance on 
any of the Company's assets and undertaking does anything to enforce or 
realize on such mortgage, charge or encumbrance;
 
then the Loan and all accrued Interest to the date of such default shall, 
at the option of the Lender, immediately be6ome due and payable without 
presentment, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are waived by the 
Company.
 
5.     Independent Legal Advice
 
(a)     The Lender acknowledges that:
 
  	
(i)
Macdonald Tuskey, Corporate and Securities Lawyers received instructions 
from the Company and does not represent the Lender;
 
  	
(ii)
the Lender has been requested to obtain its own independent legal advice on 
this Agreement prior to signing this Agreement;
 
  	
(iii)
the Lender has been given adequate time to obtain independent legal advice;
 
  	
(iv)
by signing this Agreement, the Lender confirms that it fully understands 
this Agreement; and
 
  	
(v)
by signing this Agreement without first obtaining independent legal advice, 
the Lender waives its right to obtain independent legal advice.
 
6.     General
 
(a)     For the purposes of this Agreement, time is of the essence.
 
(b)     The parties hereto shall execute and deliver all such further 
documents and instruments and do all such acts and things as may either 
before or after the execution of this Agreement be reasonably required to 
carry out the full intent and meaning of this Agreement.
 
(c)     This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of 
the State of Nevada.
 
(d)     This Agreement may be assigned by the Lender subject to any 
assignee making requisite representations to meet applicable securities law 
exemptions; this Agreement may not be assigned by the Company.
 
(e)     This Agreement may be signed by the parties in as many counterparts 
as may be deemed necessary, each of which so signed shall be deemed to be 
an original, and all such counterparts together shall constitute one and 
the same instrument.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
-5- 
 
(f)     All notices, requests, demands or other communications hereunder 
shall be in writing and shall be "deemed delivered" to a party on the date 
it is hand delivered to such party's address first above written, or to 
such other address as may be given in writing by the parties hereto.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have hereunto set their hands effective as 
of the date first above written.
 
DEL TORO SILVER CORP.
 
 
 Per:
/s/ Greg Painter 
 
 
Greg Painter, President and CEO of Del Toro Silver Corp.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Patrick Fagen
 
 
Patrick Fagen, Lender 
 
 