 EX-10.38 2 a14-24172_1ex10d38.htm EX-10.38
Exhibit 10.38
 
Execution Version
 
$90,000,000
AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
Dated as of November 10, 2014
 
among
 
ARC GROUP WORLDWIDE, INC.,
as the Parent
 
and
 
ADVANCED FORMING TECHNOLOGY, INC.,
ARC WIRELESS, INC.,
FLOMET LLC,
GENERAL FLANGE & FORGE LLC,
TEKNA SEAL LLC,
3D MATERIAL TECHNOLOGIES, LLC, and
QUADRANT METALS TECHNOLOGIES LLC
as the Borrowers,
 
CITIZENS BANK, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Sole Lead Arranger and Sole 
Bookrunner
 
CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Syndication Agent
 
and
 
THE OTHER LENDERS PARTY HERETO
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
 
 
 
Page
 
 
 
 
Article I.
Definitions and Accounting Terms
2
 
 
 
Section 1.01.
 
Defined Terms
2
Section 1.02.
 
Other Interpretive Provisions
43
Section 1.03.
 
Accounting Terms
44
Section 1.04.
 
Rounding
44
Section 1.05.
 
References to Agreements, Laws, Etc.
44
Section 1.06.
 
Times of Day
44
 
 
 
 
 Article II.
The Commitments and Borrowings
44
  
 
 
Section 2.01.
 
The Loans
44
Section 2.02.
 
Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans
45
Section 2.03.
 
Prepayments
47
Section 2.04.
 
Termination or Reduction of Commitments
50
Section 2.05.
 
Repayment of Loans
51
Section 2.06.
 
Interest
52
Section 2.07.
 
Fees
54
Section 2.08.
 
Computation of Interest and Fees
55
Section 2.09.
 
Evidence of Indebtedness
55
Section 2.10.
 
Payments Generally
56
Section 2.11.
 
Sharing of Payments, etc.
57
Section 2.12.
 
Swingline Loans
58
Section 2.13.
 
Letters of Credit
59
Section 2.14.
 
Increase of Commitments; Additional Lenders
63
Section 2.15.
 
Defaulting Lenders
65
Section 2.16.
 
Obligations of the Borrowers; Appointment of the Parent as Agent
68
  
 
 
 Article III.
Taxes, Increased Costs Protection and Illegality
68
 
 
 
 
Section 3.01.
 
Taxes
68
Section 3.02.
 
Illegality
72
Section 3.03.
 
Inability to Determine Rates
72
Section 3.04.
 
Increased Cost and Reduced Return; Capital Adequacy; Reserves on Eurodollar 
Rate Loans
73
 
i
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
 
 
 
 
Page
 
 
 
 
Section 3.05.
 
Funding Losses
74
Section 3.06.
 
Matters Applicable to All Requests for Compensation
75
Section 3.07.
 
Replacement of Lenders under Certain Circumstances
75
Section 3.08.
 
Survival
76
 
 
 
 
 Article IV.
Conditions Precedent to Borrowings
77
 
 
 
 
Section 4.01.
 
Conditions to Effectiveness
77
Section 4.02.
 
Conditions to All Borrowings
78
 
 
 
 
 Article V.
Representations and Warranties
78
 
 
 
 
Section 5.01.
 
Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws and Business
78
Section 5.02.
 
Authorization; No Contravention
79
Section 5.03.
 
Governmental Authorization
79
Section 5.04.
 
Binding Effect
79
Section 5.05.
 
Material Contracts
80
Section 5.06.
 
Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect; No Default
80
Section 5.07.
 
Litigation
81
Section 5.08.
 
Labor Matters
81
Section 5.09.
 
Ownership of Property; Liens
81
Section 5.10.
 
Environmental Matters
82
Section 5.11.
 
Solvency
83
Section 5.12.
 
Taxes
83
Section 5.13.
 
ERISA Compliance
83
Section 5.14.
 
Subsidiaries
84
Section 5.15.
 
Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act
84
Section 5.16.
 
Disclosure
84
Section 5.17.
 
Collateral Documents
84
Section 5.18.
 
Intellectual Property; Licenses. etc.
84
Section 5.19.
 
Insurance
85
Section 5.20.
 
Compliance with Laws
85
Section 5.21.
 
Use of Proceeds
85
 
ii
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
 
 
 
 
Page
 
 
 
 
Section 5.22.
 
USA PATRIOT Act
86
Section 5.23.
 
Anti-Terrorism
86
Section 5.24.
 
Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions
86
Section 5.25.
 
Subordination of Subordinated Indebtedness
86
 
 
 
 
 Article VI.
Affirmative Covenants
87
 
 
 
 
Section 6.01.
 
Financial Statements
87
Section 6.02.
 
Certificates; Other Information
88
Section 6.03.
 
Notices
90
Section 6.04.
 
Payment of Obligations
91
Section 6.05.
 
Preservation of Existence, etc.
91
Section 6.06.
 
Maintenance of Properties
91
Section 6.07.
 
Maintenance of Insurance
92
Section 6.08.
 
Compliance with Laws and Organization Documents
92
Section 6.09.
 
Books and Records
92
Section 6.10.
 
Inspection Rights
93
Section 6.11.
 
Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security
93
Section 6.12.
 
Compliance with Environmental Laws
95
Section 6.13.
 
Further Assurances
95
Section 6.14.
 
Landlord Agreements; Bailee Letters
96
Section 6.15.
 
Employee Plans
96
Section 6.16.
 
Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions
97
Section 6.17.
 
Post-Closing Actions
97
 
 
 
 
 Article VII.
Negative Covenants
97
 
 
 
 
Section 7.01.
 
Liens
97
Section 7.02.
 
Investments
99
Section 7.03.
 
Indebtedness
100
Section 7.04.
 
Fundamental Changes
102
Section 7.05.
 
Dispositions
103
Section 7.06.
 
Restricted Payments
104
Section 7.07.
 
Change in Nature of Business
105
 
iii
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
 
 
 
 
Page
 
 
 
 
Section 7.08.
 
Transactions with Affiliates
105
Section 7.09.
 
Burdensome Agreements
106
Section 7.10.
 
Use of Proceeds
107
Section 7.11.
 
Accounting Changes
107
Section 7.12.
 
Organization Documents
107
Section 7.13.
 
Payments, Prepayments, etc. of Indebtedness; Earn-out Payments
108
Section 7.14.
 
Financial Covenants
109
Section 7.15.
 
Anti-Terrorism Laws
110
Section 7.16.
 
Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions
110
 
 
 
 
 Article VIII.
Events of Default and Remedies
110
 
 
 
 
Section 8.01.
 
Events of Default
110
Section 8.02.
 
Remedies upon Event of Default
113
Section 8.03.
 
Application of Funds
113
Section 8.04.
 
Equity Cure
114
 
 
 
 
 Article IX.
Administrative Agent and Other Agents
115
 
 
 
 
Section 9.01.
 
Appointment and Authority of the Administrative Agent
115
Section 9.02.
 
Rights as a Lender
116
Section 9.03.
 
Exculpatory Provisions
116
Section 9.04.
 
Reliance by the Administrative Agent
117
Section 9.05.
 
Delegation of Duties
118
Section 9.06.
 
Non-Reliance of Administrative Agent and Other Lenders; Disclosure of 
Information by Agents
118
Section 9.07.
 
Indemnification of Agents
118
Section 9.08.
 
No Other Duties; Other Agents, Arranger, Manners, etc.
119
Section 9.09.
 
Resignation of Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent
119
Section 9.10.
 
Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim
120
Section 9.11.
 
Collateral and Guaranty Matters
121
Section 9.12.
 
Appointment of Supplemental Administrative Agents
122
Section 9.13.
 
Other Secured Obligations
123
 
 
 
 
 Article X.
Miscellaneous
123
 
iv
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
 
 
 
 
Page
 
 
 
 
Section 10.01.
 
Amendments, etc.
123
Section 10.02.
 
Notices and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies
125
Section 10.03.
 
No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies
127
Section 10.04.
 
Attorney Costs and Expenses
127
Section 10.05.
 
Indemnification by the Borrowers
127
Section 10.06.
 
Marshaling; Payments Set Aside
128
Section 10.07.
 
Successors and Assigns
129
Section 10.08.
 
Confidentiality
132
Section 10.09.
 
Setoff
133
Section 10.10.
 
Interest Rate Limitation
134
Section 10.11.
 
Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness
134
Section 10.12.
 
Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents
134
Section 10.13.
 
Survival of Representations and Warranties
134
Section 10.14.
 
Severability
135
Section 10.15.
 
GOVERNING LAW
135
Section 10.16.
 
WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
136
Section 10.17.
 
Termination
136
Section 10.18.
 
Lender Action
136
Section 10.19.
 
Use of Name, Logo, etc.
136
Section 10.20.
 
USA PATRIOT Act Notice
137
Section 10.21.
 
Service of Process
137
Section 10.22.
 
No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
137
 
v
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULES
 
2.01
Commitments
5.05(a)
Material Contracts
5.13(a)
ERISA Compliance
5.14
Subsidiaries and Other Equity Investments
5.17
Recordings/Filings
6.17
Post-Closing Actions
7.01(b)
Existing Liens
7.02
Existing Investments
7.03(b)
Existing Indebtedness
7.09
Existing Restrictions
10.02
Administrative Agent’s Office, Certain Addresses for Notices
 
EXHIBITS
 
Form of:
 
A
Loan Notice
B
Note
C
Compliance Certificate
D
Assignment and Assumption
E
Guarantee and Collateral Agreement
F
Non-Bank Certificate
G
Intercompany Subordination Agreement
H
Solvency Certificate
 
vi
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
This AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into as 
of November 10, 2014, among ARC GROUP WORLDWIDE, INC., a Utah corporation 
(the “Parent”),  ADVANCED FORMING TECHNOLOGY, INC. a Colorado corporation 
(“AFT”), ARC WIRELESS, INC., a Delaware corporation (“Wireless”), FLOMET 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Flomet”), GENERAL FLANGE & 
FORGE LLC, a Delaware  limited liability company (“General Flange”), TEKNA 
SEAL LLC, a Florida limited liability company (“Tekna Seal”), 3D MATERIAL 
TECHNOLOGIES, LLC a Delaware limited liability company (“3D Material”), 
QUADRANT METALS TECHNOLOGIES LLC (“Quadrant” and together with AFT, 
Wireless, Flomet, General Flange and Tekna Seal, each a “Borrower” and, 
collectively the “Borrowers”), CITIZENS BANK, N.A. (formerly known as RBS 
Citizens, N.A.), as administrative agent (in such capacity, including any 
successor thereto, the “Administrative Agent”) and as collateral agent (in 
such capacity, including any successor thereto, the “Collateral Agent”) 
under the Loan Documents, CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,  as 
Syndication Agent, and each lender from time to time party hereto 
(collectively, the “Lenders” and individually, a “Lender”).
 
WITNESSETH:
 
WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Syndication 
Agent, the Lenders, the Borrowers and the Parent are parties to that 
certain Credit Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2014, as amended by the 
First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of June 25, 2014 (as so 
amended, the “Original Credit Agreement”).
 
WHEREAS, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Syndication 
Agent, the Lenders, the Borrowers and Parent desire to amend and restate 
the Original Credit Agreement in its entirety on the terms and subject to 
the conditions set forth herein.
 
WHEREAS, the Parent and the Borrowers have requested that the that the 
Administrative Agent and the Lenders permit the Parent to incur 
Subordinated Debt pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Documents (each term 
used as defined below).
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the Original Credit Agreement, the Borrowers 
requested, and the Lenders extended credit to the Borrowers in the form of 
(i) Term Loans on the Closing Date in an initial aggregate principal amount 
of $45,000,000, (ii) Revolving Loans at any time and from time to time 
prior to the Maturity Date in respect of Revolving Loans, in an aggregate 
principal amount at any time outstanding not in excess of $20,000,000, and 
(iii) Delayed Draw Term Loans at any time prior to the Delayed Draw Term 
Loan Commitment Termination Date, in an aggregate principal amount not to 
exceed $25,000,000.
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the Original Credit Agreement, the Borrowers requested 
that the Swingline Lender make Swingline Loans, at any time and from time 
to time prior to the Maturity Date in respect of Revolving Loans, in an 
aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not in excess of 
$2,000,000.
 
WHEREAS pursuant to the Original Credit Agreement,, the Borrowers have 
requested that the Issuing Bank issue letters of credit, in an aggregate 
face amount at any time outstanding
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
not in excess of $2,000,000, to support payment obligations incurred by the 
Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries.
 
WHEREAS, the proceeds of the Loans, were used (i) on the Closing Date to 
(A) finance the repayment in full of all amounts outstanding under the 
Existing Loan Agreement, (B) fund a portion of the purchase price for the 
ATC Acquisition, (C) fund a portion of the purchase price for the 
Thixoforming Acquisition, (D) finance the repayment in full of all amounts 
outstanding under the Convertible Note Indebtedness, and (E) pay a portion 
of the Transaction Expenses, and (ii) thereafter, were, or after the date 
hereof, will be, used for working capital and general corporate purposes of 
the Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries from time to time permitted 
under this Agreement (including Permitted Acquisitions), in each case, as 
more fully described in Section 5.21.
 
WHEREAS, each Lender remains willing to agree (severally and not jointly) 
to make Revolving Loans, Delayed Draw Term Loan (to the extent any Delayed 
Draw Term Loan Commitment remains outstanding as of the date hereof) and to 
provide financial accommodations to the Borrowers on the terms and subject 
to the conditions set forth herein and to amend and restate the Original 
Credit Agreement as set forth herein.
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements 
provided herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I.
 
Definitions and Accounting Terms
 
Section 1.01.  Defined Terms.  As used in this Agreement, the following 
terms shall have the meanings set forth below:
 
“3D Material” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to 
this Agreement.
 
“Acquisition Consideration” means the purchase consideration for any 
Permitted Acquisition and all other payments by the Parent or any of its 
Subsidiaries in exchange for, or as part of any Permitted Acquisition, 
whether paid in cash or by exchange of Equity Interests or of properties or 
otherwise (including by incurrence of Indebtedness, whether or not in favor 
of any seller or affiliate of any seller) and whether payable at or prior 
to the consummation of such Permitted Acquisition or deferred for payment 
at any future time, whether or not any such future payment is subject to 
the occurrence of any contingency, and includes any and all payments 
representing the purchase price and any assumptions of Indebtedness, 
“earn-outs” and other agreements to make any payment, whether or not the 
amount thereof is, or the terms of payment of which are, in any respect 
subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits 
(or the like) of any person or business, but excluding transaction-related 
fees and expenses; and any such future payment shall be considered 
Acquisition Consideration at 100% of the maximum amount thereof if such 
amount is not contingent, or, if such amount is contingent, the amount 
reasonably estimated in good faith by the Parent on the basis of 
assumptions and calculations provided in writing to the Administrative 
Agent.  Such
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
assumptions shall include reasonable projections of any measure of 
financial or other performance that enters into the calculation of the 
amount of any such payment or other consideration but shall not include any 
assumption that any other future event that is a condition to such payment 
or consideration (such as the later disposition of the acquired business or 
a public or private offering of securities) will not occur.  Any such 
amounts payable after the 12-month period following the closing of the 
acquisition shall be calculated on a net present value basis discounted at 
the then current U.S. Treasury rate with a maturity substantially the same 
as the final payment date thereunder.
 
“Additional Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(c).
 
“Adjusted Eurodollar Rate” means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing 
for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar 
Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by the Statutory Reserve Rate.  
The Adjusted Eurodollar Rate will be adjusted automatically as to all 
Eurodollar Borrowings then outstanding as of the effective date of any 
change in the Statutory Reserve Rate.
 
“Administrative Agent” has the meaning specified in the introductory 
paragraph to this Agreement.
 
“Administrative Agent’s Office” means the Administrative Agent’s address 
and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02, or such other 
address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify 
the Parent and the Lenders.
 
“Administrative Questionnaire” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a 
form supplied by the Administrative Agent.
 
“Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, another Person that 
directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is 
Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.  
“Control” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to 
direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, 
whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or 
otherwise.  “Controlling” and “Controlled” have meanings correlative 
thereto.  For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Arranger, the Agents, the 
Lenders or their respective lending affiliates shall be deemed to be an 
Affiliate of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries solely by reason of 
their being party to the Loan Documents.
 
“AFT” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this 
Agreement.
 
“Agent Parties” has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(d).
 
“Agent-Related Persons” means the Agents, together with their respective 
Affiliates, and the officers, directors, employees, agents, 
attorney-in-fact, partners, trustees and advisors of such Persons and of 
such Persons’ Affiliates.
 
“Agents” means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral 
Agent, the Syndication Agent, the Supplemental Administrative Agents (if 
any) and the Arranger.
 
“Aggregate Commitments” means the Commitments of all the Lenders.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Aggregate Revolving Exposure” means, at any time, the aggregate Revolving 
Exposure of all the Lenders.
 
“Agreement” means this Credit Agreement.
 
“All-In Yield” means, as to any Indebtedness, the yield thereof, whether in 
the form of interest rate, margin, OID, upfront or commitment fees paid to 
the lenders thereof, a Eurodollar Rate or Base Rate floor (with such 
increased amount being equated to interest margins for purposes of 
determining any increase to the Applicable Rate), or otherwise; provided 
that OID and upfront or commitment fees paid to lenders shall be equated to 
interest rate assuming a 4-year life to maturity (or, if less, the stated 
life to maturity at the time of its incurrence of the applicable 
Indebtedness); and provided, further, that “All-In Yield” shall not include 
arrangement fees, structuring fees or underwriting or similar fees paid 
solely to arrangers for or underwriters of such Indebtedness.
 
“Annual Financial Statements” means the audited consolidated balance sheet 
of the Parent as of June 30, 2013, and the related consolidated statements 
of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for the 
Parent for the fiscal year then ended.
 
“Anti-Corruption Laws” shall mean all laws, rules, and regulations of any 
jurisdiction applicable to the Parent or its Subsidiaries from time to time 
concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.
 
“Applicable Indebtedness” has the meaning specified in the definition of 
“Weighted Average Life to Maturity”.
 
“Applicable Rate” means, with respect to any Base Rate Loan or Eurocurrency 
Rate Loan, (a) from the Closing Date until the Business Day after a 
Compliance Certificate is delivered for the fiscal quarter ending December 
31, 2014, (i) 4.00% with respect to Eurodollar Rate Loans and (ii) 3.00% 
with respect to Base Rate Loans, and (b) thereafter, the following 
percentages per annum set forth below under the caption “Eurodollar Rate” 
or “Base Rate”, as the case may be, based upon the Total Leverage Ratio as 
set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the 
Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.02(a):
 
Pricing
Level
 
Total Leverage
Ratio
 
Eurodollar Rate
 
Base Rate
 
 1
 
> 3.50:1.00
 
4.00
%
3.00
%
 2
 
> 3.00:1.00 but
< 3.50:1.00
 
3.75
%
2.75
%
 3
 
> 2.50:1.00 but
< 3.00:1.00
 
3.25
%
2.25
%
 4
 
> 2.00:1.00
< 2.50:1.00
 
3.00
%
2.00
%
 5
 
< 2.00:1.00
 
2.50
%
1.50
%
 
Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in 
the Total Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business 
Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered 
pursuant to Section 6.02(a); provided, however, that if a Compliance 
Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Pricing Level 1 shall apply in respect of the Term Facility, Revolving 
Credit Facility and the Delayed Draw Term Facility, in each case as of the 
first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was 
required to have been delivered and in each case shall remain in effect 
until the date on which such Compliance Certificate is delivered.
 
“Appropriate Lender” means, at any time, with respect to Loans of any 
Class, the Lenders of such Class.
 
“Approved Fund” means, with respect to any Lender, any Fund that is 
administered, advised or managed by (a) such Lender, (b) an Affiliate of 
such Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers, 
advises or manages such Lender.
 
“Arranger” means Citizens, in its capacity as sole lead arranger and sole 
bookrunner under this Agreement.
 
“Asset Sale” means any direct or indirect sale, issuance, conveyance, 
transfer, lease (other than operating leases entered into in the ordinary 
course of business), assignment or other transfer (other than the 
incurrence of a Permitted Lien) for value, whether in a single transaction 
or a series of related transactions, by the Parent or any of its 
Subsidiaries to any Person of any part of the Collateral other than (i) the 
sale and replacement of equipment and fixtures which are a part of the 
Collateral in the ordinary course of business and (ii) the sale or 
disposition of worn-out, permanently retired, obsolete assets or assets no 
longer used or useful in the business of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, 
provided that not more than $1,000,000 of Net Cash Proceeds shall be 
excluded from the Borrowers’ prepayment obligations under Section 
2.03(b)(iii) in reliance on the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) during the 
term of this Agreement.
 
“Assignee Group” means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates 
of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment 
advisor.
 
“Assignment and Assumption” means an Assignment and Assumption 
substantially in the form of Exhibit D or any other form approved by the 
Administrative Agent.
 
“ATC” means Advance Tooling Concepts, LLC, a Colorado limited liability 
company.
 
“ATC Acquisition” means the means the acquisition of ATC by 3D Material, 
under and pursuant to the ATC Acquisition Agreement.
 
“ATC Acquisition Agreement” means that certain Membership Units Purchase 
Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2014, between the Parent and the sellers 
named therein, together with the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated 
as of April 7, 2014, between the Parent and 3D Material, pursuant to which 
3D Material will acquire 100% of the membership interests of ATC.
 
“ATC Acquisition Documents” means the ATC Acquisition Agreement and each of 
the other documents, instruments and agreements executed and delivered in 
connection with the ATC Acquisition, as the same may be amended, restated 
or otherwise modified from time to time.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“ATC Financial Statements” means the audited consolidated balance sheets 
and related statements of income, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash 
flows of ATC as of December 31, 2013 for the two fiscal years then ended 
delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(g).
 
“ATC Material Adverse Effect” means a “Material Adverse Effect” as defined 
in the ATC Acquisition Agreement.
 
“Attorney Costs” means all reasonable fees, expenses and disbursements of 
any law firm or other external legal counsel.
 
“Attributable Indebtedness” means, on any date, in respect of any 
Capitalized Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would 
appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in 
accordance with GAAP (but without giving effect to any amendments to ASC 
840 that become effective after the Closing Date).
 
“Availability Period” means (a) with respect to the Revolving Commitments, 
the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the 
earliest of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Revolving 
Commitments, and (b) with respect to the Delayed Draw Term Loan 
Commitments, the period from and including the Closing Date to but 
excluding the earliest of the Maturity Date and the Delayed Draw Term Loan 
Commitment Termination Date.
 
“Availability” means, (a) with respect to the Revolving Loans, at any time, 
an amount equal to (i) the aggregate Revolving Commitments minus (ii) the 
Aggregate Revolving Exposure (calculated, with respect to any Defaulting 
Lender, as if such Defaulting Lender had funded its Pro Rata Share of all 
outstanding Borrowings), and (b) with respect to the Delayed Draw Term 
Loans, at any time, an amount equal to the Unfunded Delayed Draw Term Loan 
Amount.
 
“Base Rate” means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the 
highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1%, (b) the rate of 
interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by 
Citizens as its “prime rate” and (c) the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate on such 
day for an Interest Period of one (1) month plus 1.00% (or, if such day is 
not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day).  The “prime 
rate” is a variable rate of interest per annum designated by Citizens from 
time to time as being its prime rate of interest, with a change in such 
prime rate to take effect simultaneously and automatically, without further 
notice, upon the determination and designation by Citizens from time to 
time of such prime rate.  It is understood that such designated prime rate 
is merely a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or 
best rate being charged to any customer.  The determination and designation 
by Citizens from time to time of its prime rate shall not in any way 
preclude it from making loans to other borrowers at rates that are higher 
or lower than or different from the referenced rate.
 
“Base Rate Loan” means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate.
 
“Blocked Person” has the meaning specified in Section 7.15.
 
“Borrower” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this 
Agreement.
 
“Borrower Materials” has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Borrowing” means a borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class and 
Type made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of 
Eurodollar Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period.
 
“Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on 
which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in 
fact lawfully closed in, the jurisdiction where the Administrative Agent’s 
Office is located and if such day relates to any interest rate settings as 
to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and 
payments in respect of any such Eurodollar Rate Loan, or any other dealings 
to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such 
Eurodollar Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in 
Dollars are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank 
Eurodollar market.
 
“Capital Expenditures” means, for any period, the aggregate of all 
expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities and including 
in all events all amounts expended or capitalized under Capitalized Leases) 
by the Parent and its Subsidiaries during such period that, in conformity 
with GAAP (but without giving effect to any amendments to ASC 840 that 
become effective after the Closing Date), are or are required to be 
recorded as capital expenditures on the consolidated statement of cash 
flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries.
 
“Capitalized Lease Obligation” means, at the time any determination thereof 
is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a Capitalized 
Lease that would at such time be required to be capitalized and reflected 
as a liability on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP (but 
without giving effect to any amendments to ASC 840 that become effective 
after the Closing Date).
 
“Capitalized Leases” means all leases that have been or are required to be, 
in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capitalized leases; provided that for 
all purposes hereunder (except as otherwise expressly provided), the amount 
of obligations under any Capitalized Lease shall be the amount thereof 
accounted for as a liability in accordance with GAAP (but without giving 
effect to any amendments to ASC 840 that become effective after the Closing 
Date).
 
“Cash Collateralize” has the meaning given to such term in Section 
2.13(j)(iii).
 
“Cash Equivalents” means:
 
(a)                                 Dollars
 
(b)                                 securities issued or directly and fully 
guaranteed or insured by the United States Government or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than twelve (12) 
months from the date of acquisition,
 
(c)                                  certificates of deposit with 
maturities of twelve (12) months or less from the date of acquisition, 
bankers’ acceptances with maturities not exceeding twelve (12) months and 
overnight bank deposits, in each case, with any bank or financial 
institution having capital and surplus in excess of $250,000,000,
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(d)                                 repurchase obligations with a term of 
not more than thirty (30) days for underlying securities of the types 
described in clause (b) above entered into with any bank or financial 
institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (c) above,
 
(e)                                  commercial paper issued by any Lender 
or the parent corporation of any Lender, and commercial paper of any 
corporation incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or 
any state thereof and not an Affiliate of the Parent or any of its 
Subsidiaries carrying a rating of at least A-1 or the equivalent thereof by 
S&P or at least P-1 or the equivalent thereof by Moody’s, and in each case 
maturing within three hundred sixty-four (364) days after the date of 
acquisition, and
 
(f)                                   money market funds rated in the 
highest rating category by either Moody’s or S&P.
 
“Cash Management Bank” means any Person that is a Lender or an Affiliate of 
a Lender providing Cash Management Services to the Borrowers and other Loan 
Parties.
 
“Cash Management Obligations” means obligations owed by any Borrower or any 
other Loan Party to any Cash Management Bank in respect of or in connection 
with any Cash Management Services and designated by the Cash Management 
Bank and the Parent in writing to the Administrative Agent as “Cash 
Management Obligations”.
 
“Cash Management Services” means any agreement or arrangement to provide 
cash management services, including treasury, depository, overdraft, credit 
or debit card, p-cards or purchasing cards, electronic funds transfer and 
other cash management arrangements.
 
“Casualty Event” means any event that gives rise to the receipt by the 
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries of any insurance proceeds or condemnation 
awards in respect of any Collateral (including any improvements thereon) to 
replace or repair any such Collateral.
 
“CERCLA” has the meaning specified in Section 5.09(d).
 
“CERCLIS” has the meaning specified in Section 5.09(d).
 
“CFC” means a “controlled foreign corporation” within the meaning of 
Section 957 of the Code.
 
“Change in Law” means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of 
any of the following:  (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, 
regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty 
or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any 
Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, 
guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any 
Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to 
the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection 
Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued 
in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or 
directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or 
the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant 
to
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a “Change in Law”, regardless 
of the date enacted, adopted or issued.
 
“Change of Control” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events:
 
(a)                                 the Parent consolidates with, or merges 
with or into, any Person, or any Person consolidates with, or merges with 
or into the Parent;
 
(b)                                 the sale of all or substantially all of 
the assets of the Parent;
 
(c)                                  the failure of the Permitted Holders 
to continue to own, directly or indirectly, more than 35% of the aggregate 
ordinary voting power and economic interests represented by the Equity 
Interests of the Parent on a fully-diluted basis;
 
(d)                                 any “person” or “group” (as such terms 
are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its 
subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, 
agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) other than the 
Existing Equityholders becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rules 
13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except that a 
person or group shall be deemed to have “beneficial ownership” of all 
securities that such person or group has the right to acquire, whether such 
right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time (such 
right, an “option right”)), directly or indirectly, of 20% or more of the 
Equity Interests of any class of the Parent (and taking into account all 
such Equity Interests that such person or group has the right to acquire);
 
(e)                                  any event, transaction or occurrence 
as a result of which the Permitted Holders do not have the right to elect 
managers or directors holding a majority (or such greater percentage as may 
be necessary to make all decisions delegated to the managers or directors 
under the Organization Documents of the Parent) of the voting power of the 
board of directors or board of managers of the Parent, and otherwise have 
the right to control (directly or through such managers) the Parent;
 
(f)                                   the failure of the Parent to own, 
beneficially and of record 100% of the outstanding Equity Interests of each 
Borrower (except for the Existing Minority Interests), or the failure of 
the Parent to own directly or indirectly, beneficially and of record, 100% 
of the Equity Interests of each of its Subsidiaries other than as a result 
of a consolidation, merger or Disposition permitted hereunder; or
 
(g)                                  a “change of control” or comparable 
term shall occur under, and as defined in, any Material Indebtedness of any 
Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof.
 
“Citizens” means Citizens Bank, N.A., a national banking association 
(formerly known as RBS Citizens, N.A.), and its successors and assigns.
 
“Class” when used in reference to (a) any Loan or Borrowing, refers to 
whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Term Loans, 
Revolving Loans, Delayed Term Draw Loans or Swingline Loans, (b) any 
Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Commitment in respect of 
Term Loans, Revolving Loans, Delayed Draw Term
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Loans or Swingline Loans, and (c) any Lender, refers to whether such Lender 
has a Loan or Commitment with respect to a particular Class of Loans or 
Commitments.
 
“Closing Date” means the first date on which all the conditions precedent 
in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.01.
 
“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
 
“Collateral” means (a) the “Collateral”, as defined in the Guarantee and 
Collateral Agreement, (b) the Mortgaged Properties and (c) any other 
property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, upon which a Lien 
securing the Obligations is granted or purported to be granted to the 
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Lenders under the Collateral 
Documents.
 
“Collateral Agent” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph 
to this Agreement.
 
“Collateral and Guarantee Requirement” means, at any time, the requirement 
that:
 
(a)                                 the Collateral Agent shall have 
received each Collateral Document required to be delivered on the Closing 
Date pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(iv) or pursuant to Section 6.11 or Section 
6.13 at the time required by such Section, duly executed by each Loan Party 
required to be a party thereto;
 
(b)                                 all Obligations shall have been 
unconditionally guaranteed by the Parent and each direct or indirect 
Domestic Subsidiary (other than any Domestic Subsidiary that is a direct or 
indirect Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC), and any 
Subsidiary that Guarantees any Material Indebtedness shall be a Guarantor 
hereunder (each, together with the Parent, in each case if party to the 
Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, a “Guarantor”);
 
(c)                                  the Collateral Agent shall have 
received (i) counterparts of a Mortgage with respect to each of the 
Mortgaged Properties, duly executed and delivered by the record owner of 
such property, together with any related fixture filings that the 
Collateral Agent may reasonably require, (ii) a policy or policies of title 
insurance issued by a nationally recognized title insurance company 
insuring the Lien of each such Mortgage as a valid Lien on the property 
described therein, free of any other Liens except as expressly permitted by 
Section 7.01, together with such endorsements, coinsurance and reinsurance 
as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, (iii) flood zone 
certificates, and (iv) such surveys, environmental assessment reports, 
appraisals, customary legal opinions and other documents as the Collateral 
Agent may reasonably request with respect to any such Mortgaged Property;
 
(d)                                 all Obligations shall have been secured 
by a first-priority security interest (subject to non-consensual Liens 
permitted by Section 7.01) in all Equity Interests of each Domestic 
Subsidiary (other than (i) any Domestic Subsidiaries that are direct or 
indirect Subsidiaries of a Foreign Subsidiary or (ii) any Foreign 
Subsidiary Holdco), all non-voting Equity Interests of each first-tier 
Foreign Subsidiary and Foreign Subsidiary Holdco and 65% of the voting 
Equity Interests of each first-tier Foreign Subsidiary and Foreign 
Subsidiary Holdco;
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(e)                                  except to the extent otherwise 
provided hereunder, including subject to Liens permitted by Section 7.01, 
or under any Collateral Document, the Obligations shall have been secured 
by a perfected first-priority security interest (to the extent such 
security interest may be perfected by delivering certificated securities or 
filing financing statements under the Uniform Commercial Code) in 
substantially all tangible personal property of the Borrowers and each 
Guarantor, in each case, with the priority required by the Collateral 
Documents, in each case subject to exceptions and limitations otherwise set 
forth in this Agreement and the Collateral Documents;
 
(f)                                   the Collateral Agent shall have 
received a Landlord Agreement with respect to each Specified Leased 
Property and each bailee letter required under Section 6.14 (provided 
that, with respect to Specified Leased Properties leased on or prior to the 
Closing Date and locations where assets are located on the Closing Date, 
such Landlord Agreements and bailee letters shall be required only to the 
extent set forth on Schedule 6.17);
 
(g)                                  to the extent required by the 
Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall have 
received a Deposit Account Control Agreement, Securities Account Control 
Agreement or Commodity Account Control Agreement with respect to each 
Deposit Account, Securities Account or Commodities Account (each as defined 
in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) of the Parent and its 
Subsidiaries that is maintained with a Person other than the Collateral 
Agent; and
 
(h)                                 each Loan Party shall be party to the 
Subordination Agreement.
 
The Collateral Agent may choose to forgo the perfection, or may grant 
extensions of time for the perfection, of security interests in or the 
obtaining of title insurance and surveys with respect to particular assets 
(including extensions beyond the Closing Date for the perfection of 
security interests in the assets of the Loan Parties on such date) where it 
reasonably determines, in consultation with the Parent, that perfection 
cannot be accomplished without undue effort or expense, or that perfection 
cannot be accomplished by the time or times at which it would otherwise be 
required by this Agreement or the Collateral Documents.
 
“Collateral Documents” means, collectively, each Mortgage, the Guarantee 
and Collateral Agreement, each of the mortgages, collateral assignments, or 
other similar agreements delivered to the Agents and the Lenders pursuant 
to Sections 4.01, 6.11 or 6.13, the Intellectual Property Security 
Agreements, the Intercompany Subordination Agreements, the Deposit Account 
Control Agreements, the Securities Account Control Agreements, the 
Commodity Account Control Agreements and each of the other agreements, 
instruments or documents that creates or purports to create a Lien in the 
Collateral or Guarantee in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of 
the Secured Parties under the Loan Documents.
 
“Commitment” means, as to each Lender, such Lender’s Term Loan Commitment, 
Revolving Commitment or Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment.
 
“Commitment Fee” has the meaning specified in Section 2.07(a).
 
“Commodity Account Control Agreement” has the meaning specified in the 
Guarantee and Collateral Agreement.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Commodity Exchange Act” means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. § 1 et 
seq.), and any successor statute.
 
“Compliance Certificate” means a certificate substantially in the form of 
Exhibit C and which certificate shall in any event be a certificate of a 
Responsible Officer (a) certifying as to the financial statements delivered 
therewith, (b) certifying as to whether a Default or Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing or had occurred at any time during the period 
covered by such certificate, and, if applicable, specifying the details 
thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, 
and (c) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations of (i) the Fixed 
Charge Coverage Ratio and (ii) the Total Leverage Ratio as of the end of 
the most recent Test Period then ended.
 
“Consolidated EBITDA” means, with respect to any Person for any fiscal 
period, an amount equal to the sum of (without duplication):
 
(a)                                 Consolidated Net Income of such Person 
during such period; and
 
(b)                                 to the extent Consolidated Net Income 
has been reduced thereby:
 
    (i)                                     all income taxes of such Person
    and its Subsidiaries paid or accrued in accordance with GAAP for such
    period;
     
    (ii)                                  Interest Expense of such Person
    and its Subsidiaries for such period;
     
    (iii)                               the amount of depreciation and
    amortization charges of such Person and its Subsidiaries for such
    period;
     
    (iv)                              reasonable transaction expenses and
    other costs, fees and charges relating to the Transactions and
    Permitted Acquisitions, permitted Investments, permitted issuances of
    Equity Interests, permitted Asset Sales and Dispositions, and permitted
    issuances of Indebtedness, in each case by the Parent and its
    Subsidiaries, provided that the aggregate amount added back to
    Consolidated Net Income in reliance on this clause (iv) shall not
    exceed, other than with respect to the Transactions (which, for the
    avoidance of doubt, shall include the transactions contemplated by the
    amending and restating this Agreement as of the Effective Date),
    $750,000 in any Test Period;
     
    (v)                                 reasonable transaction expenses and
    other costs, fees and charges, in each case, accruing on or after the
    Closing Date and relating to proposed acquisitions that are pursued but
    not consummated in an aggregate amount not to exceed $750,000 in any
    Test Period;
     
    (vi)                              all non-cash adjustments to the
    valuation of earn-out payments or other consideration relating to
    permitted Investments;
     
    (vii)                           non-recurring or extraordinary charges
    or expenses incurred during such period, provided that the aggregate
    amounts added back pursuant to this clause (vii) shall not exceed
    $750,000 over the term of this Agreement;
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (viii)                        restructuring and severance expenses
    accruing on or after the Closing Date in an amount not to exceed
    $750,000 in any Test Period, provided that the aggregate amounts added
    back pursuant to this subsection (viii) shall not exceed $2,000,000
    over the term of this Agreement; and
     
    (ix)                              management fees incurred and paid on
    or before December 31, 2013 in an aggregate amount not to exceed
    $800,000.
     
(c)                                  less, all non-cash items increasing 
Consolidated Net Income (excluding any such item that is non-cash during 
such period but the subject of a cash payment in a prior or future period); 
and
 
(d)                                 less, all non-recurring or 
extraordinary income or gains during such period (including, without 
limitation, as a result of the acquisition of Indebtedness at a discount);
 
all as determined on a consolidated basis for such Person and its 
consolidated Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.  For the purposes of 
calculating Consolidated EBITDA for any period in connection with any 
determination of the Total Leverage Ratio, Senior Leverage Ratio or Fixed 
Charge Coverage Ratio, (i) if at any time during such period the Parent or 
any Subsidiary shall have made any Specified Disposition, the Consolidated 
EBITDA for such period shall be reduced by an amount equal to the 
Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable to the property that is the 
subject of such Specified Disposition for such period or increased by an 
amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto 
for such period and (ii) if during such period a Borrower or any Subsidiary 
shall have made a Specified Acquisition, Consolidated EBITDA for the 
portion of such period prior to the date of such Specified Acquisition 
shall be calculated after giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis as if 
such Specified Acquisition occurred on the first day of such period.  As 
used in this definition, “Specified Acquisition” means any acquisition of 
property or series of related acquisitions of property that constitutes 
assets comprising all or substantially all of an operating unit of a 
business or constitutes all or substantially all of the common stock of a 
Person; and “Specified Disposition” means any Disposition of property or 
series of related Dispositions of property that constitutes a division or 
operating unit of a business or a line of business or a Disposition of all 
or substantially all of the stock or assets of a Person, in each case for 
aggregate Acquisition Consideration of $1,000,000 or more. In addition, in 
calculating Consolidated EBITDA for any Test Period that includes the 
fiscal quarter in which the Kecy Acquisition is consummated, Consolidated 
EBITDA shall be calculated on a pro forma basis to reflect cost savings, 
not to exceed $1,202,000 in the aggregate, relating to payments to Raymond 
Cox and David Zerbey prior to the Kecy Acquisition (but without duplication 
of any item set forth in clauses (b)(i) through (b)(ix) of such definition, 
and only to the extent the items reflected in such cost savings had been 
included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income for such Test 
Period).
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as the Parent does not restate or 
revise its financial statements covering any fiscal quarter ending on a 
date set forth in the table below in a manner inconsistent in any material 
respect with the draft and actual annual and quarterly financial statements 
delivered to the Lenders on or prior to the Effective Date, Consolidated 
EBITDA for each applicable fiscal quarter ending on a date as set forth in 
the table below shall be deemed to be as follows:
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Quarter Ended
 
Consolidated EBITDA
 
 December 31, 2013
 
$
6,835,355.00
 
 March 31, 2014
 
$
6,258,818.00
 
 June 30, 2014
 
$
3,512,188.00
 
 September 30, 2014
 
$
4,023,783.00
 
 
“Consolidated Net Income” means, with respect to any Person, for any 
period, the aggregate net income (or loss) of such Person and its 
Subsidiaries for such period on a consolidated basis, determined in 
accordance with GAAP; provided, however, that there shall be excluded 
therefrom:
 
(a)                                 after-tax gains and losses from asset 
sales not prohibited by this Agreement or abandonments or reserves relating 
thereto;
 
(b)                                 after-tax items classified as 
extraordinary gains or losses;
 
(c)                                  the net income (but not loss) of any 
Subsidiary of such Person to the extent that the declaration of dividends 
or similar distributions by that Subsidiary of that income is restricted by 
a contract, operation of law or otherwise;
 
(d)                                 the net income of any other Person, 
except to the extent of cash dividends or distributions paid to such Person 
with respect to whom the Consolidated Net Income calculation is being 
determined or to a wholly-owned Subsidiary of such Person by such Person;
 
(e)                                  income or loss attributable to 
discontinued operations (including, without limitation, operations disposed 
of during such period whether or not such operations were classified as 
discontinued) will be excluded;
 
(f)                                   all gains and losses realized on or 
because of the purchase or other acquisition by such Person or any of its 
Subsidiaries of any securities of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries 
will be excluded;
 
(g)                                  non-cash charges resulting from the 
impairment of intangible assets; and
 
(h)                                 in the case of a successor to such 
Person by consolidation or merger or as a transferee of such Person’s 
assets, any earnings of the successor corporation prior to such 
consolidation, merger or transfer of assets (except to the extent otherwise 
set forth in the definition of Consolidated EBITDA);
 
provided, however that the items described in subsections (a), (b), (e), 
(f) and (g) above will not increase Consolidated Net Income by more than 
$2,000,000 for any period of four (4) fiscal quarters.
 
“Contractual Obligation” means, as to any Person, any provision of any 
security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other 
undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its 
property is bound.
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Control” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Affiliate”.
 
“Controlled Investment Affiliates” shall mean, with respect to Everest, any 
other Person that (i) is organized primarily for the purpose of making 
equity investments in more than one Person and (ii) is directly or 
indirectly Controlled by, or under common Control with Everest, provided 
that “Controlled Investment Affiliates” shall exclude any portfolio company 
of Everest.
 
“Convertible Note Documentation” means each of the documents, instruments 
and agreements executed and delivered in connection with the Convertible 
Note Indebtedness, as the same may be amended, restated or otherwise 
modified from time to time.
 
“Convertible Note Indebtedness” means the Indebtedness outstanding under 
that certain Unsecured Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note, in the 
original principal amount of $17,600,000, dated as of August 8, 2012, by 
the Parent in favor of PCC.
 
“Credit Facility” means the Term Facility, the Revolving Facility, the 
Delayed Draw Term Facility or the Incremental Facility, as the context may 
require.
 
“Cure Amount” has the meaning specified in Section 8.04.
 
“Cure Right” has the meaning specified in Section 8.04.
 
“Debtor Relief Laws” means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and 
all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the 
benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, 
reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other 
applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect.
 
“Default” means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default 
or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would 
be an Event of Default.
 
“Default Rate” means an interest rate equal to (a) the Base Rate plus (b) 
the Applicable Rate applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (c) 2.0% per annum; 
provided that with respect to the outstanding principal amount of any Loan, 
the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate 
(including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 
2.0% per annum, in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
Laws.
 
“Defaulting Lender” means, subject to Section 2.15(b), any Lender that, as 
determined by the Administrative Agent, (a) has failed to perform any of 
its funding obligations hereunder,  including in respect of its Loans or 
participations in respect of Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans, within 
three Business Days of the date required to be funded by it hereunder 
(unless such obligation is the subject of a good faith dispute), (b) has 
notified the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent or any Lender that it does 
not intend to comply with its funding obligations or has made a public 
statement to that effect with respect to its funding obligations hereunder 
or under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has 
failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative 
Agent, to confirm in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that 
it will comply with its funding obligations, or (d) has, or has a direct or 
indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding 
under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had a receiver, conservator, trustee, 
administrator, assignee for
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or 
liquidation of its business or a custodian appointed for it, or (iii) taken 
any action in furtherance of, or indicated its consent to, approval of or 
acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment; provided that a Lender 
shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or 
acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect 
parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such 
ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity 
from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the 
enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit 
such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow 
or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender.
 
“Delayed Draw Term Facility” means, at any time, the credit facility 
constituting the Delayed Draw Term Commitments and Delayed Draw Term Loans.
 
“Delayed Draw Term Lender” means each Lender holding a Delayed Draw Term 
Loan or Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment hereunder.
 
“Delayed Draw Term Loan” means a term loan made by the Delayed Draw Term 
Lenders to the Borrowers under the Delayed Draw Term Facility.
 
“Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment” means, as to each Lender, its 
obligation to make a Delayed Draw Term Loan to the Borrowers hereunder, 
expressed as an amount representing the maximum principal amount of the 
Delayed Term Loan to be made by such Lender under this Agreement, as such 
commitment may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.04.  The 
initial amount of each Lender’s Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment is set 
forth on Schedule 2.01 under the caption “Delayed Draw Term Loan 
Commitment” or, otherwise, in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to 
which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as the case may be.  
The initial aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments is 
$25,000,000.
 
“Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment Termination Date” means the earliest of: 
(i) April 7, 2015, (ii) the Maturity Date, and (iii) the date of the 
permanent reduction of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment to zero 
Dollars ($0) in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.04(b) or 
Section 8.02.
 
“Deposit Account Control Agreement” has the meaning specified in the 
Guarantee and Collateral Agreement.
 
“Disposition” or “Dispose” means the sale, transfer, license, lease or 
other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction and any 
sale or issuance of Equity Interests in a Subsidiary) of any property by 
any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, 
with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights 
and claims associated therewith.
 
“Disqualified Equity Interests” means any Equity Interest that, by its 
terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which 
it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening 
of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other 
than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset 
sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a 
change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior 
repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued 
and payable and the termination of the Commitments), (b) is redeemable at 
the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity 
Interests), in whole or in part, (c) provides for the scheduled payments of 
dividends in cash, or (d) is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable 
for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute 
Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, prior to the date that is one 
year after the Latest Maturity Date of the Loans at the time of issuance; 
provided that if such Equity Interests are issued pursuant to a plan for 
the benefit of employees of the Parent or its Subsidiaries or by any such 
plan to such employees or otherwise, such Equity Interests shall not 
constitute Disqualified Equity Interests solely because they may be 
required to be repurchased by the Parent or its Subsidiaries in order to 
satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations.
 
“Dollar” and “$” mean lawful money of the United States.
 
“Domestic Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary that is organized under the Laws 
of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia and any 
other Subsidiary that is not a CFC.
 
“Effective Date” means the first date on which all the conditions precedent 
in Section 4.03 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.01.
 
“Effective Date Fee Letters” means that certain fee letter, dated as of the 
Effective Date, between the Parent and the Administrative Agent, and any 
other fee letter relating to the amendment and restatement of the Original 
Credit Agreement between or among the Parent and any one or more Lenders.
 
“Eligible Assignee” means any Person that meets the requirements to be an 
assignee under Section 10.07(b)(iii) and (v) (subject to such consents, if 
any, as may be required under Section 10.07(b)(iii)).
 
“Engagement Letter” means the Engagement Letter, dated February 25, 2014, 
between the Parent and Citizens.
 
“Environmental Claim” means any and all administrative, regulatory or 
judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, claims, liens, notices of 
noncompliance or violation, investigations or proceedings with respect to 
any Environmental Liability (hereinafter “Claims”), including (i) any and 
all Claims by Governmental Authorities for enforcement, cleanup, removal, 
response, remedial or other actions or damages pursuant to any 
Environmental Law and (ii) any and all Claims by any third party seeking 
damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, penalties, 
compensation or injunctive relief pursuant to any Environmental Law.
 
“Environmental Laws” means any and all Laws relating to the protection of 
the environment or, to the extent relating to exposure to Hazardous 
Materials, human health.
 
“Environmental Liability” means any liability, contingent or otherwise 
(including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, 
fines, penalties or indemnities) of any
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from 
or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, 
use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any 
Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the 
release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the 
environment, or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement 
pursuant to which liability is assumed by or imposed on any Loan Party or 
any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any of the foregoing.
 
“Environmental Permit” means any permit, approval, identification number, 
license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law.
 
“Equity Interests” means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares, 
interests, rights, participations or other equivalents (however designated) 
of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests or units in) 
such Person and all of the warrants, options or other rights for the 
purchase, acquisition or exchange from such Person of any of the foregoing 
(including through convertible securities).
 
“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.
 
“ERISA Affiliate” means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) 
that together with any Loan Party is treated as a single employer within 
the meaning of Section 414 of the Code or Section 4001 of ERISA.  Any 
former ERISA Affiliate of a Loan Party shall continue to be considered an 
ERISA Affiliate of such Loan Party with respect to the period such entity 
was an ERISA Affiliate of such Loan Party and with respect to liabilities 
arising during such period and with respect to which such former ERISA 
Affiliate could reasonably be expected to be liable under the Code or 
ERISA, but in no event for more than six years after such period if no such 
liability has been asserted against the former ERISA Affiliate or any Loan 
Party; provided, however, that if liability is asserted against such ERISA 
Affiliate prior to the expiration of the six-year period, the former ERISA 
Affiliate shall continue to be an ERISA Affiliate of the Loan Party(ies) 
after the expiration of the six-year period.
 
“ERISA Event” means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; 
(b) a withdrawal by any Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA 
Affiliates from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a 
plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 
4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as a 
termination under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial 
withdrawal by any Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates 
from a Multiemployer Plan, written notification of any Loan Party or any of 
their respective ERISA Affiliates concerning the imposition of withdrawal 
liability or written notification that a Multiemployer Plan is insolvent or 
is in reorganization within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; (d) the 
filing under Section, 4041(c) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate a 
Pension Plan, the treatment of a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan 
amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the 
commencement of proceedings by the PBGC to terminate a Pension Plan or 
Multiemployer Plan; (e) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of 
ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, other than 
for the payment of PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 
of ERISA, upon any Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates, 
(f) the application for a minimum funding waiver under Section 302(c) of 
ERISA with respect to a Pension Plan, (g) the imposition of a lien under 
Section 303(k) of ERISA with
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
respect to any Pension Plan or (h) the failure to make by its due date a 
required contribution under Section 412(m) of the Code (or Section 430(j) 
of the Code with respect to any Pension Plan or the failure to make any 
required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (i) the assertion of a claim 
(other than routine claims for benefits) against any Plan, or the assets 
thereof, or against any Loan Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates in 
connection with any such Plan that, if adversely determined, could 
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or (j) the 
occurrence of a non-exempt prohibited transaction (within the meaning of 
Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) which could reasonably be 
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
“Eurodollar Rate” means for any Interest Period with respect to a 
Eurodollar Rate Loan, the rate per annum equal to (i) the ICE Benchmark 
Administration LIBOR Rate (“ICE LIBOR”), as published by Reuters (or such 
other commercially available source providing quotations of ICE LIBOR as 
may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at 
approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the 
commencement of such Interest Period, for Dollar deposits (for delivery on 
the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such 
Interest Period, or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time for any 
reason, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the 
rate at which deposits in Dollars for delivery on the first day of such 
Interest Period in Same Day Funds in the approximate amount of the 
Eurodollar Rate Loan being made, continued or converted and with a term 
equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered by Citizens’ London 
Branch to major banks in the London interbank eurodollar market at their 
request at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two (2) Business Days 
prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; and (b) for any interest 
calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per 
annum equal to (i) ICE LIBOR, at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time 
determined two (2) Business Days prior to such date for Dollar deposits 
being delivered in the London interbank market for a term of one month 
commencing that day or (ii) if such published rate is not available at such 
time for any reason, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative 
Agent to be the rate at which deposits in Dollars for delivery on the date 
of determination in Same Day Funds in the approximate amount of the Base 
Rate Loan being made or maintained and with a term equal to one month would 
be offered by Citizens’ London Branch to major banks in the London 
interbank eurodollar market at their request at the date and time of 
determination.
 
“Eurodollar Rate Loan” means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based the 
definition of Eurodollar Rate.
 
“Event of Default” has the meaning specified in Section 8.01.
 
“Everest” means Everest Hill Group Inc., a British Virgin Islands 
corporation.
 
“Excess Cash Flow” means, for any period, an amount equal to (i) 
Consolidated EBITDA of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such period, 
minus (ii) the sum for such period of (A) regularly scheduled principal 
payments on Indebtedness to the extent paid in cash, (B) the Interest 
Expense of the Parent and its Subsidiaries to the extent paid in cash, (C) 
unfinanced Capital Expenditures, (D) Restricted Payments permitted under 
Section 7.06 and paid in cash (to the extent not financed with the proceeds 
of issuances of Equity Interests or Indebtedness), (E) the purchase price 
paid in cash for a target in a Permitted Acquisition as set forth in the
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
acquisition documents related thereto (to the extent not financed with the 
proceeds of issuances of Equity Interests or Indebtedness), (F) payments 
of, or in respect of, Taxes (to the extent paid in cash during such 
period), by the Parent and its Subsidiaries, and (G) all other charges, 
losses, expenses and other items added back to Consolidated Net Income in 
the determination of Consolidated EBITDA of the Parent and its Subsidiaries 
for each period, in each case to the extent paid in cash during such 
period, to the extent expressly permitted to be paid pursuant to the terms 
of this Agreement, in each case, to the extent not financed with the 
proceeds of issuances of Equity Interests or Indebtedness).
 
“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
 
“Excluded Contribution” means (a) the Net Cash Proceeds from any issuance 
of Equity Interests by the Parent to the Permitted Holders and their 
Related Parties, (b) any other issuance of Equity Interests by the Parent 
to the extent that not later than 90 days after any such issuance, such Net 
Cash Proceeds are applied (i) to finance a Permitted Acquisition or other 
Investments permitted hereunder or (ii) to finance Consolidated Capital 
Expenditures, (c) Equity Interests issued to the Parent, any Borrower, any 
Guarantor or any Subsidiary of a Loan Party, (d) Equity Interests issued to 
management, employees or directors in connection with equity incentive and 
similar programs and (e) Equity Interests issued in connection with the 
exercise of pre-emptive rights.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) no Net 
Cash Proceeds constitution a Cure Amount shall be Excluded Contributions 
and (ii) the contributions described in clauses (a) and (b) above shall not 
constitute Excluded Contributions, unless, both before and after giving 
effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis, the Senior Leverage Ratio is less than 
2.25:1.00.
 
“Excluded Hedging Obligation” means with respect to any Guarantor, any 
Guaranty Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of 
the guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a 
security interest to secure, such Guaranty Swap Obligation (or any 
guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal or unlawful under the Commodity 
Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any 
thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor’s failure for any reason not to 
constitute an “eligible contract participant” as defined in the Commodity 
Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the guarantee of 
such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest would otherwise have 
become effective with respect to such Guaranty Swap Obligation but for such 
Guarantor’s failure to constitute an “eligible contract participant” at 
such time.  If a Guaranty Swap Obligation arises under a Master Agreement 
governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the 
portion of such Guaranty Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for 
which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal or 
unlawful.
 
“Excluded Taxes” means, in the case of each Agent and each Lender, (a) 
taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated, and 
including branch profits and similar taxes, and franchise or similar taxes, 
(i) imposed by the jurisdiction under the laws of which it is organized or 
in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in 
which its applicable lending office is located, or (ii) imposed by reason 
of any connection between such Agent or Lender and any taxing jurisdiction 
(other than connections arising solely from such Agent or Lender having 
executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, 
received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, 
engaged in any other
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned 
an interest in any Loan or Loan Document), (b) in the case of a Lender, any 
U.S. federal withholding tax imposed on amounts payable hereunder in 
respect of any Lender (including any Eligible Assignee (pursuant to an 
assignment under Section 10.07) unless such assignment is at the written 
request of the Parent) pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which it 
becomes a Lender except, in the case of an Eligible Assignee who becomes a 
Lender, to the extent such tax is not in excess of the tax that would have 
been applicable had the assigning Lender not assigned its interest arising 
under any Loan Document, (c) any U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed as 
a result of the failure of any Agent or Lender to comply with the 
provisions of Sections 3.01(b) and 3.01(c) (in the case of any Foreign 
Lender, as defined below) or the provisions of Section 3.01(d) (in the case 
of any U.S. Lender, as defined below), and (d) any U.S. federal withholding 
taxes imposed on any amount payable to or for the account of any Agent or 
Lender as a result of the failure of such recipient to satisfy the 
applicable requirements under FATCA to establish that such payment is 
exempt from withholding under FATCA.
 
“Existing Loan Agreement” means that certain Loan and Security Agreement 
dated as of August 8, 2012, by and between QMT and TD Bank, N.A., as the 
same may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time.
 
“Existing Minority Interests” means (a) the Equity Interests of Tekna Seal 
that, as of the date hereof, are not owned by the Parent or one of its 
Subsidiaries and constituting no more than 6.22% of all of the outstanding 
Equity Interests of Tekna Seal on a fully diluted basis and (b) the Equity 
Interests of Flomet that, as of the date hereof, are not owned by the 
Parent or one of its Subsidiaries and constituting no more than 3.78% of 
all of the outstanding Equity Interests of Tekna Seal on a fully diluted 
basis.
 
“FATCA” means the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, as codified in 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Closing Date (or any 
amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not 
materially more onerous to comply with), and any current or future 
regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered 
into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code.
 
“Federal Funds Rate” means, for any day, the weighted average (rounded 
upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the rates on overnight 
Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System 
arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published on the next succeeding 
Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is 
not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average (rounded 
upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) of the quotations for such 
day for such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three 
Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.
 
“Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio” means, for any period, the ratio of (a) 
Consolidated EBITDA minus the unfinanced portion of Capital Expenditures 
minus expense for taxes paid in cash to (b) Fixed Charges, all calculated 
for the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance 
with GAAP.
 
“Fixed Charges” means, for any period, without duplication, Interest 
Expense (excluding (i) interest paid in kind, (ii) expense reimbursements 
paid in connection with this
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Agreement  or the Subordinated Loan Documents and (iii) upfront fees paid 
in connection with Swap Contracts), plus scheduled principal payments on 
Indebtedness (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any mandatory 
prepayments, whether under this Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Documents 
or otherwise), plus Restricted Payments paid in cash, plus Capital Lease 
Obligation payments, all calculated for the Parent and its Subsidiaries on 
a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that in calculating 
Fixed Charges for the Test Period ending on (a) June 30, 2014, Fixed 
Charges shall be deemed to be Fixed Charges for the fiscal quarter then 
ended times four, (b) September 30, 2014, Fixed Charges shall be deemed to 
be Fixed Charges for the two fiscal quarters then ended times two, and (c) 
December 31, 2014, Fixed Charges shall be deemed to be Fixed Charges for 
the three fiscal quarters then ended times 4/3.
 
“Flomet” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this 
Agreement.
 
“Foreign Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(b).
 
“Foreign Subsidiary” means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Parent 
that is not a Domestic Subsidiary.
 
“Foreign Subsidiary Holdco” means any Subsidiary formed solely for the 
purposes of holding and substantially all assets of which consist of Equity 
Interests in one or more CFCs or other Foreign Subsidiary Holdcos, and 
which have no consensual liabilities other than to a Borrower and its 
wholly-owned Subsidiaries under its Organization Documents.
 
“FRB” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the 
United States.
 
“Fronting Exposure” means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender that is 
a Revolving Lender, (a) with respect to the Issuing Bank, such Defaulting 
Lender’s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding LC Exposure other than LC 
Exposure as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation obligation has 
been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with 
the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to the Swingline Lender, such 
Defaulting Lender’s Applicable Percentage of Swingline Loans other than 
Swingline Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation 
obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in 
accordance with the terms hereof.
 
“Fund” means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in 
making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and 
similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course.
 
“Funded Indebtedness” means as of the date of determination, on a 
consolidated basis, the sum of the following, without duplication:  (a) the 
outstanding principal amount of all Indebtedness which is classified as 
“long-term debt” on the consolidated balance sheet of the Parent and its 
Subsidiaries prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP and any 
current maturities and other principal amount in respect of such 
Indebtedness due within one year; (b) the outstanding principal amount of 
Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Parent and its Subsidiaries 
outstanding under a revolving credit, term or similar agreement (and 
renewals and extensions of any thereof); (c) the borrowing of money or the 
obtaining of credit (other than
 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
trade or other payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary 
course of business and not more than 90 days past due), including the 
issuance of notes or bonds (but excluding surety, performance or bid 
bonds); (d) the deferred purchase price of assets (other than trade or 
other payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of 
business), (e) with respect to any Synthetic Lease Obligations or any 
Capitalized Lease Obligations, the outstanding principal amount of 
Indebtedness in respect of such Synthetic Lease Obligations or Capitalized 
Lease Obligations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries; plus (f) Indebtedness 
of the type referred to in clauses (a) through (e) above of another Person 
guaranteed by, or secured by a Lien on assets of, a Borrower or any of its 
Subsidiaries.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Funded Indebtedness shall 
exclude any “earn-out” or similar obligation described in clause (d) above, 
or described in clause (f) above and relating to an obligation described in 
clause (d) above, including the Specified Earn-out Obligations, if such 
obligations are not due and payable but unpaid.
 
“Funding Account” has the meaning given to such term in Section 4.01(f).
 
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles as from time to time 
in effect, including the statements and interpretations of the United 
States Financial Accounting Standards Board; provided, however, that for 
purposes of compliance with this Agreement and calculations hereunder (but 
not for purposes of any financial statements delivered pursuant to the 
terms hereof), (a) “GAAP” means such principles as in effect on June 30, 
2013 as applied by the Parent and its Subsidiaries in the preparation of 
the Annual Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2013 and 
consistently followed, without giving effect to any changes to GAAP 
subsequent thereto, and (b) in the event of a change in generally accepted 
accounting principles after such date, either the Administrative Agent, the 
Parent or the Required Lenders may request a change in the definition of 
“GAAP”, in which case the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith with 
respect to an amendment of this Agreement implementing such change, 
provided, however, if no agreement is reached, then no change or amendment 
shall be made.
 
“General Flange” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to 
this Agreement.
 
“Governmental Approvals” means authorizations, consents, approvals, 
waivers, exemptions, variances, franchises, permissions, permits and 
licenses of, and filings and declarations with, any Governmental Authority.
 
“Governmental Authority” means the government of the United States or any 
other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or 
local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, 
central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, 
taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining 
to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European 
Union or the European Central Bank).
 
“Guarantee” means, as to any Person, without duplication, (a) any 
obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having 
the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other monetary 
obligation payable or performable by another Person (the “primary obligor
”) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any 
obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or 
advance or supply funds for the
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, 
(ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose 
of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or monetary other 
obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other 
monetary obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or 
any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or 
cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay 
such Indebtedness or other monetary obligation, or (iv) entered into for 
the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such 
Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of the payment or performance 
thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in 
whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing 
any Indebtedness or other monetary obligation of any other Person, whether 
or not such Indebtedness or monetary other obligation is assumed by such 
Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such 
Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien); provided that the term “Guarantee” 
shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit, in either case in 
the ordinary course of business, or customary and reasonable indemnity 
obligations in effect on the Closing Date or entered into in connection 
with any acquisition or disposition of assets permitted under this 
Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to Indebtedness).  The 
amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated 
or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion 
thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or 
determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect 
thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith.  The term 
“Guarantee” as a verb has a corresponding meaning.
 
“Guarantee and Collateral Agreement” means the guarantee and collateral 
agreement made by the Loan Parties, in favor of the Collateral Agent on 
behalf of the Secured Parties, substantially in the form of Exhibit E, as 
the same may be supplemented by each Guarantee and Collateral Agreement 
Supplement delivered pursuant to Section 6.11.
 
“Guarantee and Collateral Agreement Supplement” has the meaning specified 
in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement.
 
“Guarantors” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Collateral and 
Guarantee Requirement.”  For avoidance of doubt, the Borrowers may cause 
any Domestic Subsidiary (other than any Domestic Subsidiaries that are 
direct or indirect Subsidiaries of a Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC) that 
is not a Guarantor to Guarantee the Obligations by causing such Domestic 
Subsidiary to execute a joinder to this Agreement in form and substance 
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and any such Domestic 
Subsidiary shall be a Guarantor hereunder for all purposes.
 
“Guaranty Swap Obligation” means with respect to any Guarantor, any 
obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction 
that constitutes a “swap” within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the 
Commodity Exchange Act.
 
“Hazardous Materials” means any gasoline or petrol (including crude oil or 
any fraction thereof) or petroleum products, polychlorinated biphenyls, 
urea-formaldehyde insulation, asbestos, pollutants, contaminants, 
radioactivity, and any other substances defined as hazardous or toxic under 
any Environmental Law, that is regulated pursuant to or is a basis for 
liability under any Environmental Law.
 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Hedge Bank” means any Person that is a party to a Swap Contract with a 
Loan Party and, at the time it enters into such Swap Contract, is (or was) 
an Agent, a Lender or an Affiliate of any of them, each in its capacity as 
a party thereto.
 
“ICE LIBOR” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Eurodollar 
Rate”.
 
“Increasing Lenders” has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a).
 
“Incremental Amendment” has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(e).
 
“Incremental Term Loans” has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a).
 
“Indebtedness” means, as to any Person at a particular time, without 
duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness 
or liabilities in accordance with GAAP:
 
(a)                                 all obligations of such Person for 
borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, 
debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments;
 
(b)                                 the maximum amount (after giving effect 
to any prior drawings or reductions that may have been reimbursed) of all 
letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers’ acceptances, 
bank guaranties, surety bonds, performance bonds and similar instruments 
issued or created by or for the account of such Person;
 
(c)                                  net obligations of such Person under 
any Swap Contract;
 
(d)                                 all obligations of such Person to pay 
the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than (i) trade 
accounts and accrued expenses payable in the ordinary course of business, 
(ii) any earn-out obligation (other than any earn-out obligation that has 
become a liability (other than a contingent liability) on the consolidated 
balance sheet of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries) until such 
obligation is not paid after becoming due and payable and (iii) accruals 
for payroll and other liabilities accrued in the ordinary course of 
business);
 
(e)                                  all Attributable Indebtedness of such 
Person;
 
(f)                                   all obligations of such Person in 
respect of Disqualified Equity Interests;
 
(g)                                  all Guarantees of such Person in 
respect of any of the foregoing; and
 
(h)                                 all obligations of any Person of the 
kind described in the foregoing clauses (a) through (g) secured by a Lien 
on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness 
arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements and 
mortgage, industrial revenue bond, industrial development bond and similar 
financings), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by 
such Person or is limited in recourse.
 
For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the 
Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint 
venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which 
such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, except to the extent 
such Person’s liability for such Indebtedness is otherwise limited and only 
to the extent
 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
such Indebtedness would be included in the calculation of Funded 
Indebtedness.  The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on 
any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of 
such date.
 
“Indemnified Liabilities” has the meaning specified in Section 10.05.
 
“Indemnified Taxes” means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, and (b) to 
the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes.
 
“Indemnitees” has the meaning specified in Section 10.05.
 
“Information” has the meaning specified in Section 10.08.
 
“Intellectual Property” has the meaning specified in Section 5.18.
 
“Intellectual Property Security Agreement” has the meaning specified in the 
Guarantee and Collateral Agreement.
 
“Intercompany Subordination Agreement” means an agreement executed by each 
Subsidiary of the Parent, in substantially the form of Exhibit G.
 
“Interest Expense” means, with respect to any Person for any period, the 
aggregate of the interest expense of such Person and its Subsidiaries for 
such period, on a consolidated basis, as determined in accordance with 
GAAP, and including, without duplication, (a) all accretion of OID and 
amortization of premium on Indebtedness; (b) the interest component of 
Indebtedness constituting Capitalized Leases paid, accrued and/or scheduled 
to be paid or accrued during such period; (c) net cash costs under all Swap 
Contracts (including amortization of fees); (d) without duplication, any 
periodic commitment fees and other fees payable to the Administrative 
Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lenders pursuant to the Loan Documents; 
and (e) without duplication, any periodic fees paid by such Person to 
creditors, which fees shall be related to or arising out of any 
Indebtedness owed to creditors.
 
“Interest Payment Date” means, (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate 
Loan, the Closing Date, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to 
such Loan and the applicable Maturity Date; provided that if any Interest 
Period for a Eurodollar Rate Loan exceeds three months, the respective 
dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such Interest 
Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any Base Rate 
Loan, the Closing Date, the last Business Day of each calendar month and 
the applicable Maturity Date.
 
“Interest Period” means, as to each Eurodollar Rate Loan, the period 
commencing on the date such Eurodollar Rate Loan is disbursed or converted 
to or continued as a Eurodollar Rate Loan and ending on the date one, two, 
three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Parent  in its Loan 
Notice; provided that:
 
(a)                                 any Interest Period that would 
otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the 
next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another 
calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the 
immediately preceding Business Day;
 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)                                 any Interest Period that begins on the 
last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such 
Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month 
at the end of such Interest Period; and
 
(c)                                  no Interest Period shall extend beyond 
the applicable Maturity Date.
 
“Investment” means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or 
investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other 
acquisition (including without limitation by merger or otherwise) of Equity 
Interests or debt or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, 
advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of Indebtedness 
of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity 
participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or 
joint venture interest in such other Person or (c) the purchase or other 
acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions, including 
without limitation by merger or otherwise) of all or substantially all of 
the property and assets or business of another Person or assets 
constituting a business unit, line of business or division of such Person.
 
“IRS” means Internal Revenue Service of the United States.
 
“Issuing Bank” means Citizens, in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of 
Credit, and its successors in such capacity, as provided in Section 2.13.  
The Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of 
Credit to be issued by Affiliates of the Issuing Bank, in which the term 
“Issuing Bank” shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of 
Credit issued by such Affiliate.
 
“Junior Financing” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
7.13(a) hereof.
 
“Kecy Acquisition” means the acquisition by ARC Metal Stamping, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Parent (“AMS”), of substantially all of the assets of Kecy Corporation, a 
Michigan corporation (“Kecy”), pursuant to that certain Asset Purchase 
Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2014, by and among Kecy, AMS, Munson 
Holding, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, and, in a limited 
capacity, the Parent.
 
“Landlord Agreement” means a landlord lien waiver (or subordination 
agreement) and access agreement, in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, between the landlord of a Specified 
Leased Property and the Collateral Agent.
 
“Latest Maturity Date” means, at any date of determination, the latest 
scheduled maturity or expiration date applicable to any Loan or Commitment 
hereunder at such time, in each case as extended in accordance with this 
Agreement from time to time, disregarding the proviso to the definition of 
“Maturity Date”.
 
“Laws” means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and 
local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes 
and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities and executive 
orders, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any 
Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or
 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed 
duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements 
with, any Governmental Authority.
 
“LC Disbursement” means a payment made by the Issuing Bank pursuant to a 
Letter of Credit.
 
“LC Exposure” means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn 
amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit plus (b) the aggregate amount 
of all LC Disbursements relating to Letters of Credit that have not yet 
been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrowers.  The LC Exposure of any 
Revolving Lender at any time shall be its Pro Rata Share of the aggregate 
LC Exposure.
 
“LC Fronting Fee” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.07(b).
 
“LC Participation Fee” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 2.07(b).
 
“Lender” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this 
Agreement and their respective successors and assigns as permitted 
hereunder, each of which is referred to herein as a “Lender.”  For 
avoidance of doubt, each Additional Lender is a Lender to the extent any 
such Person has executed and delivered an Incremental Amendment, and to the 
extent such Incremental Amendment shall have become effective in accordance 
with the terms hereof and thereof.  As of the Closing Date, Schedule 2.01 
sets forth the name of each Lender.  Unless the context otherwise requires, 
the term “Lender” includes the Swingline Lender.
 
“Lending Office” means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such 
Lender described as such in such Lender’s Administrative Questionnaire, or 
such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the 
Parent and the Administrative Agent.
 
“Letter of Credit” means any standby letter of credit issued pursuant to 
this Agreement.
 
“Letter of Credit Notice” has the meaning specified in Section 2.13(b).
 
“Letter of Credit Sublimit” means an amount equal to $2,000,000.  The 
Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving 
Commitments.
 
“Lien” means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, 
assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), 
charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential 
arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional 
sale or other title retention agreement in the nature of a security 
interest, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real 
property, and any Capitalized Lease having substantially the same economic 
effect as any of the foregoing); provided that in no event shall an 
operating lease in and of itself be deemed a Lien.
 
“Loan” means an extension of credit by a Lender to a Borrower under 
Article II.
 
“Loan Documents” means, collectively, (a) this Agreement, (b) the Original 
Credit Agreement, (c) the Notes, (d) any Incremental Amendment, (e) the 
Collateral Documents, (f) the Engagement Letter, (g) the Effective Date Fee 
Letters, (h) the Subordination Agreement, (i) the
 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Intercompany Subordination Agreement  and (j) all other agreements, 
instruments and documents now or hereafter executed and delivered to the 
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, and/or any Lender by the Parent 
or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to this Agreement and the 
transactions contemplated hereby.
 
“Loan Notice” means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Loans 
from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, 
pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which, if in writing, shall be substantially 
in the form of Exhibit A.
 
“Loan Parties” means, collectively, (a) each Borrower and (b) each 
Guarantor.
 
“Margin Stock” has the meaning set forth in Regulation U of the Board of 
Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System, or any successor 
thereto.
 
“Master Agreement” has the meaning specified in the definition of “Swap 
Contract”.
 
“Material Adverse Effect” means any event or condition having a material 
adverse effect on:  (a) the business, assets, financial condition, 
operations or properties of the Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a 
whole, (b) the ability of any Loan Party to perform its obligations in all 
material respects under the Loan Documents, (c) the rights and remedies of 
the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or Lenders to enforce or collect 
the amounts due under the Loan Documents or to realize upon any Collateral, 
(d) the enforceability of any of the Collateral Documents or the 
attachment, perfection or priority of any of the Liens intended to be 
created thereby, or (e) the validity of any of the Loan Documents or the 
consummation of any of the transactions contemplated therein.
 
“Material Contract” means agreement of the Parent or any Subsidiary under 
which an uncured default or breach by the Parent or any Subsidiary could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
“Material Indebtedness” of any Person means Indebtedness of such Person 
having an aggregate principal amount of $1,000,000 or more.
 
“Material Real Property” means any real property fee interest (or ground 
lease interest) of any Loan Party with a fair market value in excess of 
$1,000,000, other than the ground lease interest of Flomet under the Ground 
Lease Agreement, dated April 4, 2005, between Flomet and the city of De 
Land, Florida.
 
“Maturity Date” means (i) with respect to the Revolving Loans, the Term 
Loans made on the Closing Date and the Delayed Draw Term Loans made 
thereafter in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the date 
that is five (5) years after the Closing Date, and (ii) with respect to any 
Incremental Term Loans, the final maturity date as specified in the 
applicable Incremental Amendment, provided, in each case, that if such day 
is not a Business Day, the applicable Maturity Date shall be the Business 
Day immediately preceding such day.
 
“Maximum Rate” has the meaning specified in Section 10.10.
 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto.
 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Mortgage Policies” has the meaning specified in Section 6.13(b)(ii).
 
“Mortgage” or “Mortgages” means any mortgages, deeds of trust or similar 
agreements executed and delivered pursuant to Section 4.01, 6.11, 6.13(b) 
or 6.17 made by a Loan Party in favor of the Collateral Agent on behalf of 
the Lenders in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral 
Agent; as the each of the foregoing may be amended, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time.
 
“Mortgaged Properties” means each Material Real Property with respect to 
which a Mortgage is required to be delivered pursuant to Section 4.01, 6.11 
or 6.13(b).
 
“Multiemployer Plan” means any multiemployer plan as defined in Section 
4001(a)(3) of ERISA and subject to Title IV of ERISA, to which any Loan 
Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates makes or is obligated to 
make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or 
been obligated to make contributions.
 
“Net Cash Proceeds” means:
 
(a)                                 with respect to any Casualty Event, the 
aggregate amount of cash proceeds of insurance, condemnation awards and 
other compensation received by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in 
respect of such Casualty Event, net of (i) reasonable out-of-pocket fees, 
expenses and costs incurred in connection therewith, (ii) contractually 
required repayments of Indebtedness to the extent secured by a Lien on such 
property which is senior to the Lien held by the Collateral Agent for the 
benefit of the Lenders, and (iii) any income, sales and transfer taxes 
payable or reasonably expected to be payable by the Parent or any of its 
Subsidiaries (or tax distributions in respect thereof) in respect of such 
Casualty Event;
 
(b)                                 with respect to any Asset Sale, the 
aggregate amount of all cash payments received by the Parent or any of its 
Subsidiaries as consideration for such Asset Sale, whether at the time of 
such Asset Sale or after such Asset Sale under deferred payment 
arrangements or Investments (but only as and when received in cash) entered 
into or received in connection with such Asset Sale, net of (i) the amount 
of any legal, title, transfer and recording tax expenses, commissions and 
other fees and out-of-pocket expenses payable by the Parent or any of its 
Subsidiaries in connection therewith, (ii) any Federal, state and local 
income or other Taxes estimated to be payable by the Parent or any of its 
Subsidiaries as a result thereof, and (iii) any repayments by the Parent or 
any of its Subsidiaries of Indebtedness to the extent that such 
Indebtedness is secured by a Lien on the property that is the subject of 
such Asset Sale, such Lien is senior to the Lien held by the Collateral 
Agent on such property, if applicable, and the transferee of (or holder of 
a Lien on) such property requires that such Indebtedness be repaid as a 
condition to the purchase of such property and (iv) reasonable reserves in 
connection with any indemnification payments (but only until the release 
thereof); and
 
(c)                                  with respect to any incurrence of 
Indebtedness or offering of Equity Interests, the aggregate amount of all 
cash proceeds received by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries therefrom, 
less all legal, broker, transaction, placement, underwriting and similar 
fees, commissions and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection 
therewith.
 
“Non-Bank Certificate” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(b).
 
30
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Non-Consenting Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 3.07.
 
“Non-Loan Party” means any Subsidiary of the Parent that is not a Loan 
Party.
 
“Note” means a promissory note of the Borrowers payable to any Lender or 
its registered assigns, in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto, 
evidencing the aggregate Indebtedness of the Borrowers to such Lender 
resulting from the Loans made by such Lender.
 
“Obligations” means all (a) advances to, and debts, liabilities, 
obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan 
Document (including principal, interest, fees, costs and expenses and 
indemnity reimbursement amounts) or otherwise with respect to any Loan, 
whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), 
absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter 
arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement 
by or against any Loan Party of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws 
naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether 
such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding, (b) 
obligations of any Loan Party arising under any Secured Hedge Agreement 
with a Hedge Bank, and (c) Cash Management Obligations.  Anything in the 
foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, Excluded Hedging Obligations 
shall not constitute Obligations.
 
“OFAC” means the Office of Foreign Assets control of the United States 
Department of Treasury.
 
“OID” means original issue discount.
 
“Organization Documents” means (a) with respect to any corporation, the 
certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or 
comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. 
jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the 
certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating 
agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or 
other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other 
applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, 
instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with 
its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in 
the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any 
certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity.
 
“Other Taxes” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(e).
 
“Overnight Rate” means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds 
Rate and (b) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent in 
accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.
 
“Parent” means ARC Group Worldwide, Inc., a Utah corporation.
 
“Participant” has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(d).
 
“Participant Register” has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(e).
 
31
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
 
“PCC” means Precision Castparts Corp., an Oregon corporation.
 
“Pension Plan” means any “employee pension benefit plan” (as such term is 
defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multiemployer Plan, that is 
subject to Title IV of ERISA and is sponsored or maintained by any Loan 
Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates or to which any Loan 
Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates contributes or 
contributed or had an obligation to contribute, in the preceding five plan 
years.
 
“Perfection Certificate” means each perfection certificate delivered by the 
Parent or any Subsidiary thereof.
 
“Permitted Acquisition” means any transaction or series of related 
transactions resulting in the acquisition by the Parent or any of its 
wholly owned Subsidiaries that is a Loan Party, whether by purchase, merger 
or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the assets of, all of the 
Equity Interests of, or a business line or unit or a division of, any 
Person, provided,
 
(i)                                     immediately prior to, and after 
giving effect thereto, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred 
and be continuing or would result therefrom;
 
(ii)                                  all transactions in connection 
therewith shall be consummated, in all material respects, in accordance 
with all applicable Laws;
 
(iii)                               such acquisition was not preceded by an 
unsolicited tender offer for such Equity Interests or, proxy contest, and 
was approved, or recommended, by the board of directors (or equivalent 
governing body) of the target thereof;
 
(iv)                              in the case of the purchase or other 
acquisition of Equity Interests, all of the Equity Interests (except for 
any such Equity Interests in the nature of directors’ qualifying shares 
required pursuant to applicable law) acquired or otherwise issued by such 
Person or any newly formed Subsidiary of the Parent in connection with such 
acquisition shall be owned 100% by the Parent or a Guarantor, and the 
Parent shall take, or cause to be taken, each of the actions set forth in 
Sections 6.11 and 6.13, as applicable, as and when required;
 
(v)                                 (A) the Parent and its Subsidiaries 
shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 
7.14 on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such acquisition as of the 
last day of the fiscal quarter most recently ended and as of the last day 
of the most recently ended month of the Parent for which information is 
available for the assets, Equity Interests or business, line, unit or 
division being acquired, (B) the Total Leverage Ratio shall be lower than 
the lesser of (1) 3.50:1.00 and (2) the maximum ratio permitted by Section 
7.14(b) at such time, adjusted by reducing the numerator of such ratio by 
0.50, on a Pro Forma Basis as of the last day of the most recently ended 
quarter of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for which information is 
available for the assets, Equity Interests or business, line, unit or 
division being acquired, and the Senior Leverage Ratio shall be lower than 
the lesser of (1) 2.50:1.00 and (2) the maximum ratio permitted by Section 
7.14(c) at such time, adjusted by reducing the numerator of such ratio by 
0.50, on a Pro Forma Basis as of the last day of the most recently ended 
quarter of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for which information is 
available for the assets, Equity Interests or business, line,
 
32
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
unit or division being acquired, and (C) the Parent shall have delivered to 
the Administrative Agent a Compliance Certificate evidencing in reasonable 
detail compliance with the financial covenants and ratios described in 
subclauses (A) and (B) of this clause (v) and such Compliance Certificate, 
including the calculations set forth therein, shall be reasonably 
acceptable to the Administrative Agent;
 
(vi)                              the Parent shall have delivered to 
Administrative Agent for distribution to the Lenders at least 15 Business 
Days (or such shorter period as may be acceptable to the Administrative 
Agent) prior to such proposed acquisition (A) with respect to any 
transaction or series of related transactions involving Acquisition 
Consideration of more than $1,000,000, (i) all other relevant financial 
information with respect to such acquired assets, including the aggregate 
consideration for such acquisition and any other information required to 
demonstrate compliance with the covenants set forth in Article VII and (ii) 
good faith projections for the twelve (12) month period subsequent to such 
proposed acquisition demonstrating compliance with the financial covenants 
set forth in Section 7.14 on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such 
acquisition and (B) with respect to any transaction or series of related 
transactions, (i) a copy of the purchase agreement related to the proposed 
acquisition (and any related documents reasonably requested by 
Administrative Agent), (ii) other than in the case of the Kecy Acquisition 
a list of requested EBITDA adjustments as confirmed by a third party 
quality of earnings report to the extent such adjustments for all such 
proposed Permitted Acquisitions exceed more than $1,000,000 at any one time 
in determining Consolidated EBITDA on a Pro Forma Basis for the twelve (12) 
month period immediately prior to such proposed acquisition, (iii) a 
general description of such acquired assets or such acquired business line 
or unit or division and the competitive position of such Person or business 
line or unit or division within the industry, (iv) the sources and uses of 
funds to finance the proposed acquisition, (v) quarterly and annual 
financial statements of the Person whose Equity Interests or assets are 
being acquired for the twelve (12) month period immediately prior to such 
proposed acquisition, including any audited financial statements that are 
available, and (vi) as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, 
any other due diligence material that is in the possession of the Parent or 
any Subsidiary and readily available, all of which shall be reasonably 
acceptable to the Administrative Agent;
 
(vii)                           any Person or assets or division as 
acquired in accordance herewith shall be in substantially the same business 
or lines of business in which the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries are 
permitted to be engaged hereunder;
 
(viii)                        any Person who is the target of the proposed 
acquisition shall have had positive EBITDA (calculated in a manner 
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and certified in a 
writing setting forth such calculations that is delivered by the Parent to 
the Administrative Agent) for each of the most recently ended four fiscal 
quarters prior to the closing date of such acquisition for which financial 
information is available;
 
(ix)                              after giving effect to the consummation 
of the respective Permitted Acquisition and any financing thereof, the sum 
of (i) the aggregate amount of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held 
by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries plus (ii) the Availability in 
respect of the Revolving Commitments shall not be less than $10,000,000 (it 
being understood that cash
 
33
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
and cash equivalents shall not constitute restricted cash or Cash 
Equivalents solely by reason of being subject to the Lien of the Collateral 
Documents); and
 
(x)                                 the aggregate Acquisition Consideration 
(A) for each Permitted Acquisition either singly or together with all other 
Permitted Acquisitions in any period of four (4) consecutive fiscal 
quarters shall not exceed $30,000,000, (B) for all Permitted Acquisitions 
not solely constituting assets located, or stock of Persons all of whose 
assets are located, entirely within the United States shall not exceed 
$10,000,000 and (C) for all Permitted Acquisitions shall not exceed 
$50,000,000.
 
“Permitted Holders” means Everest and its Controlled Investment Affiliates.
 
“Permitted Lien” means any Lien permitted by Section 7.01.
 
“Permitted Refinancing” means, with respect to any Person, any 
modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension of any 
Indebtedness of such Person; provided that (a) the principal amount (or 
accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount 
(or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so modified, 
refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended except by an amount equal to 
unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon, 
plus reasonable OID and upfront fees plus other fees and expenses 
reasonably incurred, in connection with such modification, refinancing, 
refunding, renewal or extension and by an amount equal to any existing 
commitments unutilized thereunder, (b) such modification, refinancing, 
refunding, renewal or extension has a final maturity date equal to or later 
than the final maturity date of, and has a Weighted Average Life to 
Maturity equal to or greater than the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of, 
the Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, 
(c) at the time thereof, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing, (d) if such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, 
renewed, replaced or extended is subordinated to the Obligations, (i) to 
the extent such Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, 
replaced or extended is subordinated in right of payment or Lien priority 
to the Obligations, such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, 
replacement or extension is subordinated in right of payment to the 
Obligations on terms at least as favorable to the Lenders as those 
contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness being modified, 
refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, and (ii) the terms and 
conditions (including, if applicable, as to collateral but excluding as to 
subordination, pricing, premiums and optional prepayment or redemption 
provisions) of any such modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended 
Indebtedness, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the 
applicable Borrower or Subsidiary than the terms and conditions of the 
Indebtedness being modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended, and 
(e) such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal or extension is 
incurred by the Person who is the obligor of the Indebtedness being 
modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed or extended and no additional 
obligors become liable for such Indebtedness.
 
“Person” means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, 
trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental 
Authority or other entity.
 
“Plan” means any material “employee benefit plan” (as such term is defined 
in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established or maintained by any Loan Party or, 
with respect to any such plan
 
34
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any of 
their respective ERISA Affiliates.
 
“Platform” has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.
 
“Pro Forma Balance Sheet” has the meaning specified in Section 5.06(a)(ii).
 
“Pro Forma Basis” and “Pro Forma Effect” mean, with respect to any 
financial calculation or compliance with any test or covenant hereunder 
performing such calculation, or compliance with such test or covenant, as 
applicable, after giving effect to (a) the Transactions, (b) any 
Investment, (c) any asset sale, (d) any payment of principal or interest in 
respect Indebtedness, or (e) any incurrence of Indebtedness, using, for 
purposes of determining such compliance, the historical financial 
statements of all entities or assets so acquired or sold (if available) and 
the consolidated financial statements of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, 
and any Indebtedness or other liabilities to be incurred or repaid in 
connection therewith had been consummated and incurred or repaid at the 
beginning of such period (and assuming that such Indebtedness to be 
incurred bears interest during any portion of the applicable measurement 
period prior to the relevant acquisition at the weighted average of the 
interest rates applicable to outstanding incurred Loans during such 
period).
 
“Pro Forma Financial Statements” has the meaning specified in Section 
5.06(a)(ii).
 
“Pro Rata Share” means, with respect to each Lender at any time a fraction 
(expressed as a percentage, carried out to the ninth decimal place), the 
numerator of which is the amount of the Commitments and, if applicable and 
without duplication, Loans or Revolving Exposure of such Lender under the 
applicable Credit Facility or Credit Facilities at such time and the 
denominator of which is the amount of the Aggregate Commitments and, if 
applicable and without duplication, Loans or Revolving Exposure under the 
applicable Credit Facility or Credit Facilities at such time.
 
“Projections” shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.01(d).
 
“Public Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 6.02.
 
“QMT” means Quadrant Metals Technologies LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company.
 
“Qualified Equity Interests” means any Equity Interests that are not 
Disqualified Equity Interests.
 
“Quarterly Financial Statements” means the unaudited consolidated balance 
sheets and related statements of income, changes in stockholders’ and cash 
flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for each of the fiscal quarters 
after the date of the Annual Financial Statements and ended at least forty 
five (45) days before the Closing Date.
 
“Reaffirmation Agreement” means that certain reaffirmation agreement, dated 
as of the Effective Date, executed by the Loan Parties for the benefit of 
the Agents and the Secured Parties.
 
35
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Register” has the meaning specified in Section 10.07(c).
 
“Related Parties” means, with respect to any specified Person, (a) any 
spouse or former spouse, estate or lineal descendant (whether natural or 
adopted) of such Person, or (b) any trust, corporation, partnership or 
other entity, the beneficiaries, stockholders, partners, owners or persons 
beneficially holding an 80% or more controlling interest of which consist 
of such Person and/or any of the persons referred to in clause (a) of this 
definition.
 
“Reportable Event” means, with respect to any Pension Plan, any of the 
events set forth in Section 4043 (c) of ERISA or the regulations issued 
thereunder, other than events for which the thirty (30) day notice period 
has been waived.
 
“Required Facility Lenders” shall mean, with respect to any Credit Facility 
on any date of determination, Lenders having more than 50% of the sum of 
(i) the outstanding Term Loans, the Delayed Draw Term Loans or Revolving 
Exposure, as applicable, under such Credit Facility and (ii) the aggregate 
unused Commitments under such Credit Facility.
 
“Required Lenders” means, on any date of determination, Lenders who 
collectively hold more than 67% (or, if there are two or fewer lenders, at 
least 100%) of the outstanding Term Loans, Delayed Draw Term Loans, 
Revolving Exposure and unfunded Commitments hereunder, or if the Revolving 
Commitments have been terminated, Lenders who collectively hold more than 
67% (or, if there are two or fewer lenders, at least 100%) of the aggregate 
outstanding Term Loans, Delayed Draw Term Loans and Revolving Exposure 
under the Credit Facility; provided, however, that if at any time there are 
two or three Lenders party to the Credit Agreement, “Required Lenders” must 
include at least two lenders, and provided further, that if at any time 
(irrespective of the number of Lenders party to the Credit Agreement) a 
Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender, the Revolving Exposure and unfunded 
commitments under the Credit Facility of such Defaulting Lender shall be 
excluded from the determination of Required Lenders.
 
“Responsible Officer” means the chief executive officer, president, vice 
president, chief financial officer, treasurer or other similar officer or 
Person performing similar functions of a Loan Party.  Any document 
delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party 
shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary 
corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party 
and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted 
on behalf of such Loan Party.  Unless otherwise specified, all references 
herein to a “Responsible Officer” shall refer to a Responsible Officer of 
the Parent.
 
“Restricted Payment” means the declaration or payment of any dividend or 
other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with 
respect to any Equity Interest of the Parent or any Subsidiary, or any 
payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any 
sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, 
retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any 
such Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the 
Parent’s or its Subsidiaries’ respective stockholders, partners or members 
(or the equivalent Persons thereof).
 
“Revolving Borrowing” means a Borrowing comprised of Revolving Loans.
 
36
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Revolving Commitment” means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, 
if any, of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire 
participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, 
expressed as an amount representing the maximum possible aggregate amount 
of such Lender’s Revolving Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be 
reduced from time to time pursuant to  Section 2.04 and assignments by or 
to such Lender pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to 
Section 10.07 and increased pursuant to Section 2.14.  The initial amount 
of each Lender’s Revolving Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01, or in 
the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have 
assumed its Revolving Commitment, as applicable.  The initial aggregate 
amount of the Lenders’ Revolving Commitments is $20,000,000.
 
“Revolving Exposure” means with respect to any Lender at any time, the 
aggregate principal amount at such time of all outstanding Revolving Loans 
of such Lender, plus the aggregate amount at such time of such Lender’s LC 
Exposure, plus the aggregate amount at such time of such Lender’s Swingline 
Exposure.
 
“Revolving Facility” means the credit facility constituting the Revolving 
Commitment.
 
“Revolving Lender” means a Lender with a Revolving Commitment.
 
“Revolving Loan” means a revolving loan made by the Lenders to a Borrower 
pursuant to Section 2.01(b).
 
“S&P” means Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of The 
McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any successor thereto.
 
“Same Day Funds” means disbursements and payments in immediately available 
funds.
 
“Sanctioned Person” shall mean, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any 
Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC or the U.S. 
Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the 
European Union or any EU member state, (b) any Person located, organized or 
resident in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person controlled by any Person 
described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition.
 
“Sanctions” shall mean economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes 
imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. 
government, including those administered by OFAC, or (b) the United Nations 
Security Council, the European Union or Her Majesty’s Treasury of the 
United Kingdom.
 
“SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental 
Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.
 
“Secured Hedge Agreement” means any Swap Contract permitted under Section 
7.03(g) that is entered into by and between any Loan Party and any Hedge 
Bank which is designated in writing by the Hedge Bank and the Parent to the 
Administrative Agent as a “Secured Hedge Agreement”, provided that any such 
Hedge Bank which is not an Agent or a Lender has delivered a letter to the 
Administrative Agent (which is reasonably satisfactory to Administrative 
Agent) pursuant to which such Hedge Bank (a) appoints the Collateral Agent 
as its agent under
 
37
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the Collateral Documents and (b) agrees to be bound by Article IX, Section 
10.15 and 10.16 as if it were a Lender, and Section 8.03.
 
“Secured Parties” means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the 
Collateral Agent, the Lenders, each Hedge Bank, each Cash Management Bank, 
each Supplemental Administrative Agent and each co-agent or sub-agent 
appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 
9.01(b).
 
“Securities Account Control Agreements” has the meaning specified in the 
Guarantee and Collateral Agreement.
 
“Senior Leverage Ratio” means, as to the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a 
consolidated basis as of the date of its determination, the ratio of (a) 
Funded Indebtedness of the Parent and its Subsidiaries less the aggregate 
amount of Junior Financing of the Parent and its Subsidiaries included 
therein as of such date, to (b) Consolidated EBITDA of the Parent and its 
Subsidiaries for the Test Period ended as of such date.
 
“Single Employer Plan” means any Plan which is covered by Title IV of 
ERISA, but which is not a Multiemployer Plan.
 
“Solvent” and “Solvency” mean, at a point in time, that the fair salable 
value of the assets of a Person, on a going concern basis, is greater than 
the total amount of liabilities (including contingent, subordinated, 
unmatured and unliquidated liabilities) of the Person; the fair salable 
value of the assets of the Person, on a going concern basis, is not less 
than the amount that will be required to pay its probable liabilities 
(including contingent, subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated 
liabilities) as they become absolute and matured; the Person is not engaged 
in a business or a transaction, and is not about to be engaged in a 
business or a transaction, for which its properties would constitute an 
unreasonably small capital; and the Person does not intend to, and does not 
believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities (including contingent, 
subordinated, unmatured and unliquidated liabilities) beyond its ability to 
pay as such debts and liabilities mature in the ordinary course of 
business.  For purposes of the foregoing, the amount of contingent 
liabilities are to be computed as the amount that, in light of all the 
facts and circumstances existing at that point in time, can reasonably be 
expected to become an actual or matured liability.
 
“Specified Earn-out Obligations” means the Borrower’s obligations under (a) 
Section 2.4 of that certain Membership Units Purchase Agreement, dated as 
of April 7, 2014, between the Parent and the sellers named therein, 
together with the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of April 7, 
2014, between the Parent and 3D Material, pursuant to which 3D Material has 
acquired 100% of the membership interests of ATC; and (b) Section 2.11 of 
that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 25, 2014, by and 
among Kecy, AMS, Munson Holding, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company, 
and, in a limited capacity, the Parent, in each case as in effect on the 
Effective Date.
 
“Specified Leased Property” means any parcel of real property leased or 
licensed (including any sublease, sublicense or similar arrangement) by the 
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (a) under any agreement with any 
Affiliate of the Parent, (b) used as the Parent’s
 
38
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
headquarters or (c) where material books, records or inventory of the 
Parent or its Subsidiaries are stored.
 
“Statutory Reserve Rate” means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the 
numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the 
number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentages 
(including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) 
expressed as a decimal established by the FRB to which the Administrative 
Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate, for 
Eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as “Eurocurrency Liabilities” 
in Regulation D of the FRB).  Such reserve percentages shall include those 
imposed pursuant to such Regulation D.  Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be 
deemed to constitute Eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve 
requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or 
offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under such 
Regulation D or any comparable regulation.  The Statutory Reserve Rate 
shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any 
change in any reserve percentage.
 
“Subordinated Creditor” shall mean, as of the date hereof,  McLarty Capital 
Partners SBIC, L.P., and thereafter, any holder of a Subordinated Note or 
any other Subordinated Debt from time to time.
 
“Subordinated Debt” means any and all present and future indebtedness, 
liabilities and obligations, whether matured or unmatured, contingent or 
absolute, direct or indirect, now or hereafter existing, due or to become 
due, by the Parent to the Subordinated Creditors (whether by reason of 
subrogation of rights of the Subordinated Creditors or otherwise) as may be 
evidenced by, or secured by, the Subordinated Loan Documents.
 
“Subordinated Loan Agreement” means that certain credit agreement , dated 
as of November 10, 2014 among Parent, the Borrowers, McLarty Capital 
Partners SBIC, L.P., as administrative agent and each of the lenders party 
thereto.
 
“Subordinated Loan Documents” means the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the 
Subordinated Notes, the “Loan Documents” (used in this instance as defined 
in the Subordinated Loan Agreement) and all other agreements, instruments 
and documents now or hereafter executed and delivered to the administrative 
agent and/or any lender by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries related to 
the Subordinated Debt.
 
“Subordinated Notes” any notes issued related to or in exchange or 
substitution for Subordinated Debt.
 
“Subordination Agreement” means that certain subordination agreement, dated 
as of the Effective Date, between the Administrative Agent, McLarty Capital 
Partners SBIC, L.P, as administrative agent under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, the Subordinated Creditor, as a lender under the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement and each of the Loan Parties.
 
“Subsidiary” of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, 
limited liability company or other business entity (excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, charitable foundations) of which a majority of the 
shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for 
the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or 
interests having such
 
39
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time 
beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, 
directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by 
such Person.  Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a 
“Subsidiary” or to “Subsidiaries” shall refer to a Subsidiary or 
Subsidiaries of the Parent.
 
“Supplemental Administrative Agent” and “Supplemental Administrative Agents
” have the meanings specified in Section 9.12(a).
 
“Swap Contract” means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, 
credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, 
commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index 
swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or 
forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, 
interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap 
transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap 
transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot 
contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of 
the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), 
whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master 
agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related 
confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or 
governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange 
Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, 
together with any related schedules, a “Master Agreement”), including any 
such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement
 
“Swap Termination Value” means, in respect of any one or more Swap 
Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable 
netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or 
after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination 
value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and 
(b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) 
determined as the mark-to-market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as 
determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available 
quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which 
may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender).
 
“Swingline Exposure” shall mean at any time the aggregate principal amount 
at such time of all outstanding Swingline Loans.  The Swingline Exposure of 
any Revolving Lender at any time shall equal its Pro Rata Percentage of the 
aggregate Swingline Exposure at such time.
 
“Swingline Lender” means Citizens in its capacity as provider of Swingline 
Loans, or any successor swingline lender hereunder.
 
“Swingline Loan” shall mean any loan made by the Swingline Lender pursuant 
to Section 2.12.
 
“Syndication Agent” means Capital One, National Association, as syndication 
agent under this Agreement.
 
“Synthetic Lease Obligations” means an arrangement treated as an operating 
lease for financial accounting purposes and a financing lease for tax 
purposes.
 
40
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Taxes” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(a).
 
“Tekna Seal” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to 
this Agreement.
 
“Term Facility” means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of the 
Term Loans of all Term Lenders outstanding at such time.
 
“Term Lender” means each Lender holding a Term Loan or Term Loan Commitment 
hereunder.
 
“Term Loan” means a term loan made by the Term Lenders to the Borrowers 
under the Term Facility.
 
“Term Loan Commitment” means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make a 
Term Loan to the Borrowers hereunder, expressed as an amount representing 
the maximum principal amount of the Term Loan to be made by such Lender 
under this Agreement, as such commitment may be (a) reduced from time to 
time pursuant to Section 2.04 and (b) reduced or increased from time to 
time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to an Assignment 
and Assumption or an Incremental Amendment.  The initial amount of each 
Lender’s Term Loan Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01 under the 
caption “Term Loan Commitment” or, otherwise, in the Assignment and 
Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, 
as the case may be.  The initial aggregate amount of the Term Loan 
Commitments is $45,000,000.
 
“Test Period” in effect at any time means the most recent period of four 
consecutive fiscal quarters of the Parent ended on or prior to such time 
(taken as one accounting period) in respect of which financial statements 
for each quarter or fiscal year in such period have been or are required to 
be delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(g) or Section 6.01(a) or (b), as 
applicable, without giving effect to any grace period applicable thereto 
(or, prior to the date that the first such financial statements are 
required be so delivered, solely for purposes of determining compliance 
with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.14 on a Pro Forma Basis 
in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or Section 7.08(b), the most 
recent period of four consecutive fiscal quarters).
 
“Thixoforming” means Thixoforming LLC, a Colorado limited liability 
company.
 
“Thixoforming Acquisition” means the means the acquisition of Thixoforming 
by AFT, under and pursuant to the Thixoforming Acquisition Agreement.
 
“Thixoforming Acquisition Agreement” means that certain Purchase Agreement, 
dated as of April 7, 2014, among AFT, Thixoforming and PCC, pursuant to 
which AFT will acquire 100% of the limited liability membership interests 
of Thixoforming.
 
“Thixoforming Acquisition Documents” means the Thixoforming Acquisition 
Agreement and each of the other documents, instruments and agreements 
executed and delivered in connection with the Thixoforming Acquisition, as 
the same may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time.
 
41
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Thixoforming Financial Statements” means the unaudited balance sheet of 
the Company as at December 29, 2013 and the income statement for the eleven 
month period ending on February 28, 2014 and delivered pursuant to Section 
4.01(g).
 
“Thixoforming Material Adverse Effect” means “Material Adverse Effect” as 
defined in the Thixoforming Acquisition Agreement.
 
“Total Leverage Ratio” means, as to the Parent and its Subsidiaries on a 
consolidated basis as of the date of its determination, the ratio of (a) 
Funded Indebtedness of the Parent  and its Subsidiaries as of such date, to 
(b) Consolidated EBITDA of the Parent  and its Subsidiaries for the Test 
Period ended as of such date.
 
“Transaction” means, collectively (a) the execution and delivery and 
performance of the Loan Documents and the making of the initial Loans 
hereunder on the Closing Date, (b) the execution and delivery and 
performance of the ATC Acquisition Documents and the consummation of the 
ATC Acquisition, (c) the repayment in full of all amounts due or 
outstanding under or in respect of the Existing Loan Agreement, (d) the 
execution and delivery and performance of the Thixoforming Acquisition 
Documents and the consummation of the Thixoforming  Acquisition, (e) the 
repayment in full of all amounts due or outstanding under or in respect of 
the Convertible Note Indebtedness, and (f) the payment of the fees and 
expenses incurred in connection with any of the foregoing.
 
“Transaction Expenses” means any fees or expenses incurred or paid by the 
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the Transaction, this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated 
hereby and thereby.
 
“Type” means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or 
a Eurodollar Rate Loan.
 
“Unfunded Delayed Draw Term Loan Amount” means, at any time, $25,000,000 
minus the aggregate principal amount at such time of all Delayed Draw Term 
Loans that have been funded pursuant to and in accordance with Section 
2.01(c).
 
“Uniform Commercial Code” means the Uniform Commercial Code or any 
successor provision thereof as the same may from time to time be in effect 
in the State of New York or the Uniform Commercial Code or any successor 
provision thereof (or similar code or statute) of another jurisdiction, to 
the extent it may be required to apply to any item or items of Collateral.
 
“United States” and “U.S.”  mean the United States of America.
 
“U.S. Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(d).
 
“USA PATRIOT Act” means The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing 
Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 
(Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)).
 
“WARN” has the meaning specified in Section 5.08.
 
42
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Weighted Average Life to Maturity” means, when applied to any Indebtedness 
at any date, the number of years obtained by dividing:  (a) the sum of the 
products obtained by multiplying (i) the amount of each then remaining 
installment, sinking fund, serial maturity or other required payments of 
principal, including payment at final maturity, in respect thereof, by (ii) 
the number of years (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth) that will 
elapse between such date and the making of such payment by (b) the then 
outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness; provided that for 
purposes of determining the Weighted Average Life to Maturity of any 
Refinanced Term Debt or any Indebtedness that is being modified, 
refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended (the “Applicable 
Indebtedness”), the effects of any prepayments made on such Applicable 
Indebtedness prior to the date of the applicable modification, refinancing, 
refunding, renewal, replacement or extension shall be disregarded.
 
“wholly owned” means, with respect to a Subsidiary of a Person, a 
Subsidiary of such Person all of the outstanding Equity Interests of which 
(other than (x) director’s qualifying shares and (y) nominal shares issued 
to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable Law) are owned by 
such Person and/or by one or more wholly owned Subsidiaries of such Person.
 
“Withdrawal Liability” means the liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a 
result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as 
such term is defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.
 
“Wireless” has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph to this 
Agreement.
 
Section 1.02.                          Other Interpretive Provisions.  With 
reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise 
specified herein or in such other Loan Document:
 
(a)                                 The meanings of defined terms are 
equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms.
 
(b)                                 (i)                                     
The words “herein,” “hereto,” “hereof” and “hereunder” and words of similar 
import when used in any Loan Document shall refer to such Loan Document as 
a whole and not to any particular provision thereof.
 
    (ii)                                  References in this Agreement to
    an Exhibit, Schedule, Article, Section, clause or sub-clause refer (A)
    to the appropriate Exhibit or Schedule to, or Article, Section, clause
    or sub-clause in this Agreement or (B) to the extent such references
    are not present in this Agreement, to the Loan Document in which such
    reference appears.
     
    (iii)                               The term “including” is by way of
    example and not limitation.
     
    (iv)                              The term “documents” includes any and
    all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports,
    financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in
    physical or electronic form.
     
(c)                                  In the computation of periods of time 
from a specified date to a later specified date, the word “from” means 
“from and including;” the words “to” and “until” each mean “to but 
excluding,” and the word “through” means “to and including”.  In the event 
that performance of
 
43
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
any obligation is due on a day that is not a Business Day, then, except as 
expressly provided herein, the time for such performance shall be extended 
to the next Business Day.
 
(d)                                 Section headings herein and in the 
other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and 
shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan 
Document
 
Section 1.03.                          Accounting Terms.  All accounting 
terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in 
conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and 
other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this 
Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP, except as otherwise 
specifically prescribed herein.
 
Section 1.04.                          Rounding.  Except as provided in the 
definition of “Pro Rata Share”, any financial ratios required to be 
satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this 
Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the 
other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of 
places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up 
or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest 
number).
 
Section 1.05.                          References to Agreements, Laws, Etc
.  Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) references to 
Organization Documents, agreements (including the Loan Documents) and other 
contractual instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent 
amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications 
thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, 
extensions, supplements and other modifications not prohibited by any Loan 
Document; and (b) references to any Law shall include all statutory and 
regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or 
interpreting such Law.
 
Section 1.06.                          Times of Day.  Unless otherwise 
specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to 
Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable).
 
ARTICLE II.
 
The Commitments and Borrowings
 
Section 2.01.                          The Loans.
 
(a)                                 Term Loans.  Subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth herein, each Term Lender severally agrees to make to 
3D Material a single Term Loan denominated in Dollars equal to such 
Lender’s Term Loan Commitment on the Closing Date.  Amounts borrowed under 
this Section 2.01(a) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed.  Term 
Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans, as further provided 
herein.
 
(b)                                 Revolving Loans.  Subject to the terms 
and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Lender severally agrees to 
make to the Borrowers Revolving Loans denominated in Dollars in an 
aggregate principal amount that will not result in (i) such Lender’s 
Revolving Exposure exceeding such Lender’s Revolving Commitment or (ii) the 
Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeding the sum of the aggregate Revolving 
Commitments, at any time and from
 
44
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
time to time during the Availability Period for the Revolving Facility.  
Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(b) and repaid or prepaid may be 
reborrowed, on the terms and subject to the conditions herein.  Revolving 
Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans, as further provided 
herein.
 
(c)                                  Delayed Draw Term Loans.  Subject to 
the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Delayed Draw Term Lender 
severally agrees to make to the Borrowers Delayed Draw Term Loans 
denominated in Dollars in an aggregate principal amount that will not 
result in the aggregate principal amount at such time of all outstanding 
Delayed Draw Term Loans exceeding the aggregate Delayed Draw Term Loan 
Commitment, at any time on a date after the Closing Date but prior to end 
of the Availability Period for the Delayed Draw Term Facility.  Any 
Borrowing of a Delayed Draw Term Loan will automatically and permanently 
reduce the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment in an amount corresponding to 
the amount of such Borrowing.  Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(c) 
and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed.  Delayed Draw Term Loans may 
be Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans, as further provided herein.
 
Section 2.02.                          Borrowings, Conversions and 
Continuations of Loans.
 
(a)                                 Each Borrowing, each conversion of 
Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurodollar Rate 
Loans shall be made upon the Parent’s irrevocable notice to the 
Administrative Agent.  Each such notice must be received by the 
Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. (i) three (3) Business Days 
prior to the requested date of any Borrowing or continuation of Eurodollar 
Rate Loans or any conversion of Base Rate Loans to Eurodollar Rate Loans, 
and (ii) on or before 12:00 noon on the requested date of any Borrowing of 
Base Rate Loan.  Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of 
Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole 
multiple of $250,000 in excess thereof.  Each Borrowing of or conversion to 
Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $250,000 or a whole 
multiple of $50,000 in excess thereof.  Each Loan Notice shall specify (i) 
whether the Parent is requesting a Borrowing, a conversion of Loans from 
one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, (ii) the 
requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case 
may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans 
to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Class and Type of Loans to 
be borrowed or the Type of Loans to which existing Loans are to be 
converted, (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with 
respect thereto, and (vi) if the Borrowing is a Borrowing of Revolving 
Loans or Delayed Draw Term Loans, the Borrower to whom such Loan is being 
made.  If the Parent fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice, then 
the applicable Loans shall be made as Base Rate Loans.  If the Parent 
requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar Rate 
Loans in any such Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period (or 
the Parent fails to timely deliver a notice of conversion or continuation 
prior to the expiration of an Interest Period), it will be deemed to have 
specified an Interest Period of one (1) month.  Any Swingline Loans shall 
be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.12.
 
(b)                                 Following receipt of a Loan Notice, the 
Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its 
Pro Rata Share of the applicable Class of Loans, and if no timely notice of 
a conversion or continuation is provided by the Parent, the Administrative 
Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion 
to Base Rate Loans or
 
45
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
continuation of Loans described in Section 2.02(a).  In the case of each 
Borrowing, each Appropriate Lender shall make the amount of its Loan 
available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the 
Administrative Agent’s Office not later than 1:00 p.m., on the Business Day 
specified in the applicable Loan Notice.  Upon satisfaction of the 
applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is 
on the Closing Date, Section 4.01), the Administrative Agent shall make all 
funds so received available to the applicable Borrower in like funds as 
received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of 
the applicable Borrower on the books of the Administrative Agent with the 
amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in 
accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the 
Administrative Agent by the Parent.
 
(c)                                  Except as otherwise provided herein, a 
Eurodollar Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of 
an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan.  Upon the occurrence and 
during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent or 
the Required Lenders may require by notice to the Parent that no Loans may 
be converted to or continued as Eurodollar Rate Loans.
 
(d)                                 The Administrative Agent shall promptly 
notify the Parent and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any 
Interest Period for Eurodollar Rate Loans upon determination of such 
interest rate.  The determination of the Eurodollar Rate by the 
Administrative Agent shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest or 
demonstrable error.  At any time when Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the 
Administrative Agent shall notify the Parent and the Lenders of any change 
in the Administrative Agent’s prime rate used in determining the Base Rate 
promptly following the public announcement of such change.
 
(e)                                  After giving effect to all Borrowings, 
all conversions of Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations 
of Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than six (6) Interest 
Periods in effect unless otherwise agreed between the Parent and the 
Administrative Agent.
 
(f)                                   The failure of any Lender to make the 
Loan to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other 
Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Loan on the date of 
such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any 
other Lender to make the Loan to be made by such other Lender on the date 
of any Borrowing.
 
(g)                                  Unless the Administrative Agent shall 
have received notice from a Lender prior to the date of any Borrowing that 
such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such 
Lender’s Pro Rata Share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may 
assume that such Lender has made such Pro Rata Share available to the 
Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with 
paragraph (b) above, and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon 
such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower on such date a 
corresponding amount.  If the Administrative Agent shall have so made funds 
available, then, to the extent that such Lender shall not have made such 
portion available to the Administrative Agent, each of such Lender and the 
applicable Borrower severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent 
forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest 
thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to such 
Borrower until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent 
at (i) in the case of a Borrower, the
 
46
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
interest rate applicable at the time to the Loans comprising such Borrowing 
and (ii) in the case of such Lender, the Overnight Rate plus any 
administrative, processing, or similar fees customarily charged by the 
Administrative Agent in accordance with the foregoing.  A certificate of 
the Administrative Agent submitted to any Lender with respect to any 
amounts owing under this Section 2.02(g) shall be conclusive in the absence 
of manifest or demonstrable error.  If such Lender pays its share of the 
applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid 
shall constitute such Lender’s Loan included in such Borrowing.  Any 
payment by a Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrowers 
may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to 
the Administrative Agent.
 
Section 2.03.                          Prepayments.
 
(a)                                 Optional.
 
    (i)                                     The Borrowers may, upon notice
    by the Parent to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to
    time voluntarily prepay Loans in whole or in part without premium or
    penalty; provided that (1) such notice must be received by the
    Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 pm (New York, New York time)
    (A) three (3) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of
    Eurodollar Rate Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate
    Loans; (2) any partial prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be in
    a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $250,000 in
    excess thereof or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then
    outstanding; and (3) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a
    principal amount of $250,000 or a whole multiple of $50,000 in excess
    thereof or, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then
    outstanding.  Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of
    such prepayment and the Class(es) and Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid
    and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and
    payable on the date specified therein.  The Administrative Agent will
    promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of its receipt of each such
    notice, and of the amount of such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of such
    prepayment.  Any prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be
    accompanied by all accrued interest thereon, together with any
    additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05.  Each prepayment
    of the Loans pursuant to this Section 2.03(a) shall be paid to the
    Appropriate Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata
    Shares.
     
    (ii)                                  Notwithstanding anything to the
    contrary contained in this subsection (a), the Parent may rescind any
    notice of prepayment under Section 2.03(a)(i) if such prepayment would
    have resulted from a refinancing of all of the applicable Credit
    Facility or other transaction, which refinancing or transaction shall
    not be consummated or shall otherwise be delayed.
     
    (iii)                               Voluntary prepayments of any Term
    Loans permitted hereunder shall be applied as directed by the Parent. 
    Voluntary prepayments of outstanding Revolving Loans shall be applied
    pro rata to the outstanding Revolving Loans and shall not result in a
    permanent reduction in the Revolving Commitments.
 
47
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)                                 Mandatory.
 
    (i)                                     If the Aggregate Revolving
    Exposure outstanding exceeds the Revolving Commitment, the Borrowers
    will immediately prepay the Revolving Loans hereunder without any
    prepayment premium or penalty (but subject to the payment of all
    amounts for which the Borrowers are liable under Section 3.05 or
    similar costs) and Cash Collateralize the Letter of Credit Exposure, in
    each case to the extent necessary to eliminate such excess.
     
    (ii)                                  If the aggregate principal amount
    of outstanding Delayed Draw Term Loans exceed the aggregate Delayed
    Draw Term Loan Commitment, the Borrowers will immediately prepay the
    Delayed Draw Term Loans hereunder without any prepayment premium or
    penalty (but subject to the payment of all amounts for which the
    Borrowers are liable under Section 3.05 or similar costs) to the extent
    necessary to eliminate such excess.
     
    (iii)                               On the fifth Business Day after the
    date of any Asset Sale by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, the
    Borrowers will prepay the Loans hereunder in an aggregate amount equal
    to 100% of the amount of Net Cash Proceeds from such Asset Sale
    received by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries on the date of such
    Asset Sale.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, so long as no Event of
    Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrowers shall not be
    required to make any prepayment of the Loans under this Section
    2.03(b)(iii) with respect to Net Cash Proceeds received by the Parent
    or any of its Subsidiaries from Asset Sales to the extent that, on or
    prior to the date such Net Cash Proceeds would otherwise be required to
    be so applied the Parent notifies the Administrative Agent that such
    Net Cash Proceeds are to be reinvested in assets used or usable in the
    business of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries within 180 days of
    each such Asset Sale, and if such Net Cash Proceeds to be reinvested
    are not in fact reinvested within 180 days after receipt thereof, then
    such proceeds shall be due and payable, and, in each case, applied to
    the prepayment of Loans as provided in this clause (iii) at the
    expiration of such 180-day period); provided that the amount of such
    Net Cash Proceeds not applied to prepayment of the Loans because of
    this sentence shall not exceed $1,000,000 over the term of this
    Agreement.
     
    (iv)                              On the fifth Business Day after any
    incurrence of Indebtedness by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
    (including the incurrence of the Indebtedness evidenced by the
    Subordinated Debt but other than other Indebtedness expressly permitted
    pursuant to Section 7.03), the Borrowers will prepay the Loans
    hereunder in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of the amount of the Net
    Cash Proceeds from such incurrence of Indebtedness received by the
    Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.
     
    (v)                                 On the fifth Business Day after the
    closing of any offering or sale of Equity Interests by or any capital
    contribution to the Parent (other than any Excluded Contribution), the
    Borrowers will prepay the Loans hereunder in an aggregate amount equal
    to 100% of the Net Cash Proceeds from such offering or sale of Equity
    Interests, provided that (x) if the Senior  Leverage Ratio is less than
    2.75:1.00 but greater than or equal to 2.25:1.00 without giving effect
    to such issuance and the application of the proceeds thereof for the
    period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended and for
    which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant
    to
 
48
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Section 6.01(a) or (b), the Borrowers will prepay the Loans hereunder
    in an aggregate amount equal to 75% of the Net Cash Proceeds from such
    offering or sale of Equity Interests and (y) if the Senior  Leverage
    Ratio is less than 2.25:1.00 without giving effect to such issuance and
    the application of the proceeds thereof for the period of four
    consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended and for which financial
    statements are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section
    6.01(a) or (b), the Borrowers will prepay the Loans hereunder in an
    aggregate amount equal to 50% of the Net Cash Proceeds from such
    offering or sale of Equity Interests.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
    the Borrowers will make such prepayments in respect of any Net Cash
    Proceeds constituting a Cure Amount in an amount equal to 100% of such
    Net Cash Proceeds.
     
    (vi)                              On the tenth Business Day after the
    receipt by the Administrative Agent or the Parent or any of its
    Subsidiaries of the proceeds of insurance, condemnation award or other
    compensation (other than business interruption insurance proceeds) in
    respect of any Casualty Event affecting any property or assets of the
    Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, the Borrowers shall prepay the Loans
    in an aggregate amount equal to 100% of the Net Cash Proceeds from such
    Casualty Event, provided that the Borrowers shall not be required to
    make any prepayment of the Loans under this Section 2.03(b)(vi) with
    respect to Net Cash Proceeds received by any Borrower or any of its
    Subsidiaries from Casualty Events to the extent if, at the time
    proceeds of insurance, condemnation award or other compensation (other
    than business interruption insurance proceeds) in respect of such
    Casualty Event are received, no Event of Default shall have occurred
    and be continuing, to the extent that, on or prior to the date such Net
    Cash Proceeds would otherwise be required to be so applied the Parent
    notifies the Administrative Agent that such Net Cash Proceeds from such
    Casualty Event are to be reinvested in the repair, restoration or
    replacement of the property affected by such Casualty Event or in other
    assets used or usable in the business of the Borrowers and their
    Subsidiaries within 180 days of the receipt of such proceeds, and if
    such Net Cash Proceeds intended to be reinvested are not in fact
    reinvested then such proceeds shall be due and payable and applied to
    the prepayment of Loans as provided in this clause (v) at the
    expiration of such 180-day period).
     
    (vii)                           Not later than the fifth Business Day
    after the date on which the annual financial statements are required to
    be delivered for any fiscal year (beginning with the fiscal year ending
    June 30, 2015) pursuant to Section 6.01(a), if the Total Leverage Ratio
    is greater than or equal to 2.00:1.00 for the Test Period ending on the
    last day of such fiscal year, the Borrowers will prepay the Loans
    hereunder in an aggregate amount equal to 75% (or, if the Total
    Leverage Ratio is less than 2.50:1.00 but greater than or equal to
    2.00:1.00 for the Test Period ending on the last day of such fiscal
    year, 50%) of the Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year (or, in the
    case of the prepayment under this clause (vii) for the period ending on
    June 30, 2015, for the period of two consecutive fiscal quarters ending
    on such date) minus the aggregate amount of voluntary prepayments of
    the Term Loans, and Delayed Draw Term Loans and, to the extent
    accompanied by a permanent reduction of the Revolving Commitments,
    Revolving Loans, during such fiscal year or period of two consecutive
    fiscal quarters, as applicable (but, in the case of Term Loans and,
    only to the extent that such voluntary prepayments were applied pro
 
49
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    rata to remaining installments of the Term Loans or Delayed Draw Term
    Loans, as applicable);
     
    (viii)                        (A) Each prepayment of Loans pursuant to
    this Section 2.03(b) shall be applied first to the Term Loans and any
    Delayed Draw Term Loans then outstanding (and applied pro rata to the
    remaining installments thereof in inverse order of maturity), then to
    the outstanding Revolving Loans and lastly, to the Cash
    Collateralization of Letters of Credit, (B) each such prepayment shall
    be paid to the Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata
    Shares of such prepayment and (C) prepayments of outstanding Revolving
    Loans shall not result in a permanent reduction in the Revolving
    Commitments.
     
(c)                                  The Parent shall notify the 
Administrative Agent in writing of any mandatory prepayment of the Loans 
required to be made pursuant to Section 2.03(b)(iii) through (vii) at least 
two (2) Business Days prior to the required date of such prepayment.  Each 
such notice shall specify the date of such prepayment and provide a 
reasonably detailed calculation of the amount of such prepayment.  The 
Administrative Agent will promptly notify each applicable Lender of the 
contents of the Parent’s prepayment notice and of such Lender’s Pro Rata 
Share or other applicable share of the prepayment.
 
(d)                                 Interest, Funding Losses, etc.  All 
prepayments under this Section 2.03 shall be accompanied by all accrued 
interest thereon, together with, in the case of any such prepayment of a 
Eurodollar Rate Loan on a date prior to the last day of an Interest Period 
therefor, any amounts owing in respect of such Eurodollar Rate Loan 
pursuant to Section 3.05.
 
Section 2.04.                          Termination or Reduction of 
Commitments.
 
(a)                                 Optional.  The Borrowers may, upon 
written notice from the Parent to the Administrative Agent, terminate the 
unused Commitments of any Class, or from time to time permanently reduce 
the unused Commitments of any Class, in each case without premium or 
penalty; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the 
Administrative Agent one (1) Business Day prior to the date of termination 
or reduction and (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate 
amount of $1,000,000 or any multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof or, if 
less, the entire amount thereof.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parent 
may rescind or postpone any notice of termination of the Commitments if 
such termination would have resulted from a refinancing of all of the 
applicable Credit Facility or any other transaction, which refinancing or 
any other transaction, shall not be consummated or otherwise shall be 
delayed.
 
(b)                                 Mandatory.  The Term Loan Commitment of 
each Lender shall be automatically and permanently reduced to $0 upon the 
making of such Lender’s Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.01(a).  The 
Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of each Delayed Draw Term Lender shall be 
automatically and permanently reduced to $0 upon the earlier of (i) the 
last day of the Availability Period for the Delayed Draw Term Facility and 
(ii) the date that the aggregate principal amount of the Delayed Draw Term 
Loan borrowed equals the aggregate Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment.  The 
Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of each Delayed Draw Term Lender shall be 
automatically and permanently reduced on the date and in such Lender’s
 
50
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
Pro Rata Share of the amount of each prepayment of the Delayed Draw Term 
Loans under Section 2.03.
 
Section 2.05.                          Repayment of Loans.
 
(a)                                 Term Loans.  The Term Loans shall 
mature in quarterly installments payable on the dates set forth below, 
commencing on June 30, 2014, each such installment to be in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the percentage of the Term Loans made or 
outstanding on the Closing Date set forth opposite each such date specified 
below, and the Borrowers shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the 
ratable account of each Term Lender each such installment on each such 
date.  On the Maturity Date for the Term Loans, the Borrowers shall repay 
to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of each Term Lender the 
outstanding principal amount of Term Loans (together with all accrued and 
unpaid interest and any other amounts owed under this Agreement).
 
Installment
 
Percentage
 
  
 
 
 
 June 30, 2014
 
2.50%
 
 September 28, 2014
 
2.50%
 
 December 28, 2014
 
0.00%
 
 March 29, 2015
 
2.50%
 
 June 30, 2015
 
2.50%
 
 September 27, 2015
 
2.50%
 
 December 27, 2015
 
2.50%
 
 March 27, 2016
 
2.50%
 
 June 30, 2016
 
3.125%
 
 September 25, 2016
 
3.125%
 
 December 25, 2016
 
3.125%
 
 March 26, 2017
 
3.125%
 
 June 30, 2017
 
3.75%
 
 September 24, 2017
 
3.75%
 
 December 24, 2017
 
3.75%
 
 March 25, 2018
 
3.75%
 
 June 30, 2018
 
3.75%
 
 September 30, 2018
 
3.75%
 
 December 23, 2018
 
3.75%
 
 March 24, 2019
 
3.75%
 
 Maturity Date for the Term Loans
 
Outstanding principal amount of Term Loans (together with all accrued and 
unpaid interest and other amounts).
 
 
(b)                                 Revolving Loans.  The Borrowers shall 
(i) repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account of each 
Revolving Lender, the then unpaid principal amount (together with accrued 
and unpaid interest and other amounts) of each Revolving Loan of such 
Revolving Lender on the Maturity Date in respect of Revolving Loans and 
(ii) repay to the Swingline Lender, the then unpaid principal amount of 
each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Maturity
 
51
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Date in respect of Revolving Loans and the first date after such Swingline 
Loan is made that is the 15th or last day of a calendar month (or, if such 
date is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day) and is at 
least two Business Days after such Swingline Loan is made; provided that, 
on each date that a Revolving Borrowing is made, the Borrowers shall repay 
all Swingline Loans that were outstanding on the date such Borrowing was 
requested, and provided further that to the extent not repaid by a Borrower 
on any such dates, the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have 
requested Revolving Loans in an amount equal to the Swingline Loans then 
outstanding.
 
(c)                                  Delayed Draw Term Loans.  The Delayed 
Draw Term Loans shall mature in quarterly installments payable on the dates 
set forth below, commencing on June 30, 2015, each such installment to be 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the percentage of the Delayed 
Draw Term Loans made hereunder set forth opposite each such date specified 
below, and the Borrowers shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the 
ratable account of each Delayed Draw Term Lender each such installment on 
each such date.  On the Maturity Date for the Delayed Draw Term Loans, the 
Borrowers shall repay to the Administrative Agent for the ratable account 
of each Delayed Draw Term Lender the outstanding principal amount of 
Delayed Draw Term Loans (together with all accrued and unpaid interest and 
other amounts).
 
 Installment
 
Percentage
 
  
 
 
 
 June 30, 2015
 
2.50%
 
 September 27, 2015
 
2.50%
 
 December 27, 2015
 
2.50%
 
 March 27, 2016
 
2.50%
 
 June 30, 2016
 
3.125%
 
 September 25, 2016
 
3.125%
 
 December 25, 2016
 
3.125%
 
 March 26, 2017
 
3.125%
 
 June 30, 2017
 
3.75%
 
 September 24, 2017
 
3.75%
 
 December 24, 2017
 
3.75%
 
 March 25, 2018
 
3.75%
 
 June 30, 2018
 
3.75%
 
 September 30, 2018
 
3.75%
 
 December 23, 2018
 
3.75%
 
 March 24, 2019
 
3.75%
 
 Maturity Date for the Delayed Draw Term Loans
 
Outstanding principal amount of  Delayed Draw Term Loans (together with all 
accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts).
 
 
Section 2.06.                          Interest.
 
(a)                                 Subject to the provisions of Section 
2.06(c), (i) each Eurodollar Rate Loan shall bear interest on the 
outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per 
annum equal to the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period plus 
the Applicable Rate and (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the 
outstanding principal amount thereof from
 
52
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the applicable Borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate 
plus the Applicable Rate.
 
(b)                                 (i)                                     
If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard 
to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by 
acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a 
fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate 
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.
 
    (ii)                                  If any amount (other than
    principal or interest of any Loan) payable by any Borrower under any
    Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable
    grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or
    otherwise, then upon the request of the Person to whom such amount is
    owed, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating
    interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the
    fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.
     
    (iii)                               While any Event of Default exists,
    upon the request of the Required Lenders, the Borrowers shall pay
    interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations
    hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal
    to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws.
     
(c)                                  If, as a result of any restatement of 
or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Parent or for any 
other reason, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders reasonably determine 
that (i) the Total Leverage Ratio as calculated by the Parent as of any 
applicable date was inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Total 
Leverage Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the 
Borrowers shall immediately and retroactively be obligated to pay to the 
Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or the 
Issuing Bank, as the case may be, promptly on demand by the Administrative 
Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order 
for relief with respect to the applicable Borrower under the Bankruptcy 
Code of the United States, automatically and without further action by the 
Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank), an amount equal to 
the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid 
for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such 
period; provided that if a proper calculation of the Total Leverage Ratio 
would have resulted in lower pricing for such period, such Borrower shall 
receive credit towards the next interest payment(s) in an amount equal to 
the excess of the amount of interest and fees that have been actually paid 
for such period over the amount of interest and fees that should have been 
paid for such period.  This paragraph shall not limit the rights of the 
Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, 
under Section 2.06, 2.07(b) or 2.13(e) or under Article VIII.
 
(d)                                 Interest on each Loan shall be due and 
payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at 
such other times as may be specified herein.  Interest hereunder shall be 
due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after 
judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any 
Debtor Relief Law.
 
53
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 2.07.                          Fees.
 
(a)                                 The Borrowers shall pay to the 
Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Lenders a commitment 
fee (a “Commitment Fee”):  (i) with respect to the Revolving Facility, in 
an amount equal to (A) the percentages per annum set forth in the pricing 
grid below based on Total Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent 
Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to 
Section 6.02(a) multiplied by (B) the difference between the Revolving 
Commitment and the average daily outstanding Revolving Loans (other than 
Swingline Loans) during the immediately preceding quarter, and (ii) with 
respect to the Delayed Draw Term Loans, in an amount equal to 0.50% per 
annum multiplied by the difference between the Delayed Draw Term Loan 
Commitment and the average daily outstanding Delayed Draw Term Loans during 
the immediately preceding quarter.  Until delivery of the Compliance 
Certificate for the fiscal quarter ending on or about December 31, 2014, 
the Commitment Fee rate payable with respect to the Revolving Facility will 
be 0.45% per annum.
 
Total Leverage
Ratio
 
Commitment Fee
 
 > 3.50:1.00
 
0.45
%
 > 3.00:1.00 but
 < 3.50
 
0.40
%
 > 2.50:1.00 but
  < 3.00:1.00
 
0.35
%
 > 2.00:1.00 but
 < 2.50:1.00
 
0.30
%
 < 2.00:1.00
 
0.25
%
 
Accrued Commitment Fees shall be payable in arrears (A) on the last 
Business Day of March, June, September and December of each year, 
commencing on the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and (B) 
on the date on which such Commitment terminates.  Commitment Fees shall be 
computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the 
actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the 
last day).  For purposes of computing Commitment Fees in respect of the 
Revolving Loans, a Revolving Commitment of a Lender shall be deemed to be 
used to the extent of the outstanding Revolving Loans and LC Exposure of 
such Lender (and the Swingline Exposure of such Lender shall be disregarded 
for such purpose).
 
(b)                                 The Borrowers shall pay to the 
Administrative Agent for the ratable benefit of the Lenders (including the 
Issuing Bank), a fee calculated at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable 
Rate from time to time for Eurodollar Rate Revolving Loans (the “LC 
Participation Fee”).  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, while any Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or (f) exists, all 
LC Participation Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate.  In addition, the 
Borrowers shall pay to the Issuing Bank a 0.25% issuance fee, and customary 
negotiations, processing and arranging fees of the Issuing Bank (as agreed 
to by the Borrowers) (the “LC Fronting Fee”).  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, any LC Participation Fees and LC Fronting Fees otherwise payable 
for the account of a Defaulting Lender with respect to any Letter of Credit 
as to which such Defaulting Lender has not provided Cash Collateral 
satisfactory to the Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.13 shall be payable, 
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable Law, to the other Lenders in 
accordance with the upward adjustments in their
 
54
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
respective Applicable Percentages allocable to such Letter of Credit 
pursuant to Section 2.15(a)(iv), with the balance of such fee, if any, 
payable to the Issuing Bank for its own account
 
(c)                                  The Borrowers shall pay to the 
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Arranger such fees as 
shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the 
times so specified.  Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall 
not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.
 
(d)                                 All fees shall be paid on the dates 
due, in immediately available funds in Dollars, to the Administrative Agent 
for distribution, if and as appropriate, among the Lenders, except that the 
Borrowers shall pay (i) the LC Fronting Fees directly to the Issuing Bank, 
and (ii) the fees provided under Section 2.07(c) directly to the 
Administrative Agent or the Arranger, as the case may be.  Once paid, none 
of the Fees shall be refundable under any circumstances.
 
Section 2.08.                          Computation of Interest and Fees.  
All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans shall be made on the basis 
of a year of 365 days or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual number of 
days elapsed.  All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on 
the basis of a 360 day year and actual number of days elapsed.  Interest 
shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall 
not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan 
or such portion is paid; provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same 
day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.10(a), bear interest 
for one day.  Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest 
rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, 
absent manifest or demonstrable error.
 
Section 2.09.                          Evidence of Indebtedness.
 
(a)                                 The Borrowings made by each Lender 
shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such 
Lender and evidenced by one or more entries in the Register maintained by 
the Administrative Agent, acting solely for purposes of Treasury Regulation 
Section 5f.103-l(c), as non-fiduciary agent for the Borrowers, in each case 
in the ordinary course of business.  The accounts or records maintained by 
the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be prima facie evidence 
absent manifest or demonstrable error of the amount of the Borrowings made 
by the Lenders to the Borrowers and the interest and payments thereon.  Any 
failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or 
otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder to pay any 
amount owing with respect to the Obligations.  In the event of any conflict 
between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts 
and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the 
accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the 
absence of manifest or demonstrable error.  Upon the request of any Lender 
made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers shall execute and 
deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note payable to 
such Lender, which shall evidence such Lender’s Loans in addition to such 
accounts or records.  Each Lender that requests a Note shall attach 
schedules to its Note and shall endorse thereon the date, Type (if 
applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect 
thereto.
 
(b)                                 Entries made in good faith by the 
Administrative Agent in the Register pursuant to Section 2.09(a), and by 
each Lender in its account or accounts pursuant to Section 2.09(a),
 
55
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
shall be prima facie evidence of the amount of principal and interest due 
and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrowers to, in the case 
of the Register, each Lender and, in the case of such account or accounts, 
such Lender, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, absent 
manifest or demonstrable error; provided that the failure of the 
Administrative Agent or such Lender to make an entry, or any finding that 
an entry is incorrect, in the Register or such account or accounts shall 
not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrowers under this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
 
Section 2.10.                          Payments Generally.
 
(a)                                 All payments to be made by the 
Borrowers shall be made without condition or deduction for any 
counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff.  Except as otherwise expressly 
provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to 
the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to 
which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent’s Office 
for payment and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date 
specified herein.  The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to 
each Appropriate Lender its Pro Rata Share (or other applicable share as 
provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer 
to such Lender’s Lending Office.  All payments received by the 
Administrative Agent shall in each case be deemed received on the Business 
Day so received (or, if received after 2:00 p.m. New York, New York time, 
the succeeding Business Day) and any applicable interest or fee shall 
continue to accrue, but in each case will be credited to the account of the 
applicable Borrower on the following Business Day.
 
(b)                                 If any payment to be made by the 
Borrowers shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall 
be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time 
shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
 
(c)                                  Unless the Parent has notified the 
Administrative Agent, prior to the date any payment is required to be made 
by a Borrower to the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of any 
Lender, that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative 
Agent may assume that such Borrower has timely made such payment and may 
(but shall not be so required to), in reliance thereon, make available a 
corresponding amount to such Lender.  If and to the extent that such 
payment was not in fact made to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds, 
then such Lender shall forthwith on demand repay to the Administrative 
Agent the portion of such assumed payment that was made available to such 
Lender in Same Day Funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each 
day from and including the date such amount was made available by the 
Administrative Agent to such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to 
the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the applicable Overnight Rate 
from time to time in effect.
 
(d)                                 If any Lender makes available to the 
Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article and such funds are not 
made available to the applicable Borrower by the Administrative Agent 
because the conditions to the applicable Borrowing set forth in Article IV 
are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the 
Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received 
from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.
 
56
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(e)                                  The obligations of the Lenders 
hereunder to make Loans are several and not joint.  The failure of any 
Lender to make any Loan on any date required hereunder shall not relieve 
any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and 
no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so 
make its Loan or purchase its participation.
 
(f)                                   Nothing herein shall be deemed to 
obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular 
place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has 
obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or 
manner.
 
(g)                                  Whenever any payment received by the 
Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any of the other Loan 
Documents is insufficient to pay in full all amounts due and payable to the 
Administrative Agent and the Lenders under or in respect of this Agreement 
and the other Loan Documents on any date, such payment shall be distributed 
by the Administrative Agent and applied by the Administrative Agent and the 
Lenders in the order of priority set forth in Section 8.03.  If the 
Administrative Agent receives funds for application to the Obligations of 
the Loan Parties under or in respect of the Loan Documents under 
circumstances for which the Loan Documents do not specify the manner in 
which such funds are to be applied, the Administrative Agent may, but shall 
not be obligated to, elect to distribute such funds to each of the Lenders 
in accordance with such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of such of the outstanding 
Loans or other Obligations then owing to such Lender.
 
Section 2.11.                          Sharing of Payments, etc.  If, other 
than as expressly provided elsewhere herein, any Lender shall obtain 
payment in respect of any principal of or interest on account of the Loans 
made by it (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any 
right of setoff, or otherwise) in excess of its ratable share (or other 
share contemplated hereunder) thereof, such Lender shall immediately (a) 
notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase from the 
other Lenders such participations in the Loans made by them as shall be 
necessary to cause such purchasing Lender to share the excess payment of 
principal of or interest on such Loans, pro rata with each of them; 
provided that if all or any portion of such excess payment is thereafter 
recovered from the purchasing Lender under any of the circumstances 
described in Section 10.06 (including pursuant to any settlement entered 
into by the purchasing Lender in its discretion), such purchase shall to 
that extent be rescinded and each other Lender shall repay to the 
purchasing Lender the purchase price paid therefor, together with an amount 
equal to such paying Lender’s ratable share (according to the proportion of 
(i) the amount of such paying Lender’s required repayment to (ii) the total 
amount so recovered from the purchasing Lender) of any interest or other 
amount paid or payable by the purchasing Lender in respect of the total 
amount so recovered, without further interest thereon.  For avoidance of 
doubt, the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to 
(A) any payment made by a Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the 
express terms of this Agreement as in effect from time to time or (B) any 
payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale 
of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant 
permitted hereunder.  The Borrowers agree that any Lender so purchasing a 
participation from another Lender may, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable Law, exercise all its rights of payment (including the right of 
setoff, but subject to Section 10.09) with respect to such participation as 
fully as if such Lender were the direct creditor of the Borrowers in the 
amount of such participation.  The Administrative Agent will keep records 
(which shall be conclusive and binding in the absence of manifest or 
demonstrable error) of participations purchased under this Section 2.11 and 
will in
 
57
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
each case notify the Lenders following any such purchases or repayments.  
Each Lender that purchases a participation pursuant to this Section 2.11 
shall from and after such purchase have the right to give all notices, 
requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement 
with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent 
as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations 
purchased.
 
Section 2.12.                          Swingline Loans.
 
(a)                                 Subject to the terms and conditions set 
forth herein, the Swingline Lender agrees to make Swingline Loans to the 
Borrowers from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate 
principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the 
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding 
$2,000,000 or (ii) the sum of the Aggregate Revolving Exposures exceeding 
the lesser of the aggregate Revolving Commitments and Availability; 
provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a 
Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan.  Within the 
foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, 
the Borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans.  To request 
a Swingline Loan, the Parent shall notify the Administrative Agent of such 
request by a Loan Notice by facsimile, not later than noon, New York time, 
on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan and the Borrower to which such 
Swingline Loan is to be made.  Each such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount 
of the requested Swingline Loan.  The Administrative Agent will promptly 
advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Parent.  
The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the 
applicable Borrower by means of a credit to such Borrower’s Funding Account 
(or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of 
an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.13(e), by remittance to the 
Issuing Bank) on the requested date of such Swingline Loan.  All Swingline 
Loans shall be Base Rate Loans.
 
(b)                                 The Swingline Lender at any time may, 
and at least once per week shall, by written notice given to the 
Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m., New York time, on any 
Business Day require the Revolving Lenders to acquire participations on 
such Business Day in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding.  
Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which 
Revolving Lenders will participate.  Promptly upon receipt of such notice, 
the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Revolving Lender, 
specifying in such notice such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of such Swingline 
Loan or Loans.  Each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally 
agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the 
Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such 
Lender’s Pro Rata Share of such Swingline Loan or Loans.  Each Revolving 
Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire 
participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute 
and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, 
including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or 
termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made 
without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever.  Each 
Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by 
wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as 
provided in Section 2.02 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and 
Section 2.02 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of 
the Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to 
the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by
 
58
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
it from the Revolving Lenders.  The Administrative Agent shall notify the 
Parent of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to 
this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan 
shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender.  
Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrowers (or other 
party on behalf of the Borrowers) in respect of a Swingline Loan after 
receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations 
therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such 
amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by 
the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made 
their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as 
their interests may appear; provided that any such payment so remitted 
shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as 
applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to 
the Borrowers for any reason.  The purchase of participations in a 
Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrowers 
of any default in the payment thereof.
 
Section 2.13.                          Letters of Credit.
 
(a)                                 General.  Subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth herein, the Parent may request the issuance of Letters 
of Credit for the account of any Loan Party, in a form reasonably 
acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, at any time 
and from time to time during the Availability Period.  In the event of any 
inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the 
terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other 
agreement submitted by any Borrower to, or entered into by any Borrower 
with, the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement shall control.
 
(b)                                 Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal. 
 Extension; Certain Conditions.  To request the issuance of a Letter of 
Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of 
Credit), the Parent shall deliver by hand or facsimile (or transmit by 
electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved 
by the Issuing Bank) to the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent 
(prior to 2:00 pm, New York time, at least five (5) Business Days prior to 
the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice 
requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of 
Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, reasonably satisfactory to the 
Issuing Bank (each, a “Letter of Credit Notice”) and specifying the date of 
issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), 
the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply 
with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, 
the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information 
as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of 
Credit.  If requested by the Issuing Bank, the Borrowers also shall submit 
a letter of credit application on the Issuing Bank’s standard form in 
connection with any request for a Letter of Credit.  A Letter of Credit 
shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, 
amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrowers and 
the Parent shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving 
effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the LC 
Exposure shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, (ii) the Aggregate 
Revolving Exposures shall not exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments 
and (iii) no default of any Revolving Lender’s obligations to fund under 
Section 2.13(d) exists and no Revolving Lender is at that time a Defaulting 
Lender, unless the Issuing Bank has entered into arrangements, including 
the delivery of Cash Collateral,
 
59
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
satisfactory to the Issuing Bank (in its sole discretion) with the 
Borrowers or such Lender to eliminate the Issuing Bank’s actual or 
potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.15(a)(iv)) 
with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of 
Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other LC 
Exposure as to which the Issuing Bank has actual or potential Fronting 
Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion.
 
(c)                                  Expiration Date.  Each Letter of 
Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of 
(i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of 
Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year after 
such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five Business Days 
prior to the Maturity Date for the Revolving Facility.
 
(d)                                 Participations.  By the issuance of a 
Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the 
amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the Issuing 
Bank or the Revolving Lenders, the Issuing Bank hereby grants to each 
Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender hereby acquires from the 
Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such 
Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under 
such Letter of Credit.  In consideration and in furtherance of the 
foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally 
agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing 
Bank, such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of each LC Disbursement made by the 
Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrowers on the date due as 
provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment 
required to be refunded to the Borrowers for any reason.  Each Revolving 
Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire 
participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit 
is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance 
whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of 
Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or 
termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made 
without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever.
 
(e)                                  Reimbursement.  If the Issuing Bank 
shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the 
Borrowers shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the 
Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement (i) not later 
than 11:00 a.m., New York time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is 
made, if the Parent shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement 
prior to 9:00 a.m., New York time, on such date, or, (ii) if such notice 
has not been received by the Parent prior to such time on such date, then 
not later than 11:00 a.m., New York time, on the Business Day immediately 
following the day that the Parent receives such notice, if such notice is 
not received prior to such time on the day of receipt; provided that the 
Borrowers may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, 
request in accordance with Section 2.01 that such payment be financed with 
a Base Rate Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount 
and, to the extent so financed, the Borrowers’ obligation to make such 
payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Base Rate 
Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan.  If the Borrowers fail to make such 
payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving 
Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the 
Borrowers in respect thereof and such Lender’s Pro Rata Share thereof.  
Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Revolving Lender shall pay 
to the Administrative Agent its Pro Rata Share of the payment then due from 
the Borrowers, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.02 with respect 
to Loans made by such Lender (and
 
60
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
Section 2.02 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of 
the Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to 
the Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders.  
Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from 
the Borrowers pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall 
distribute such payment to the Issuing Bank or, to the extent that 
Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to 
reimburse the Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and the Issuing Bank as 
their interests may appear.  Any payment made by a Revolving Lender 
pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the Issuing Bank for any LC 
Disbursement (other than the funding of Revolving Loans or a Swingline Loan 
as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve 
the Borrowers of their obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement.
 
(f)                                   Obligations Absolute.  The Borrowers’ 
obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of 
this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be 
performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any 
and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of 
validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or 
any term or provision therein or herein, (ii) any draft or other document 
presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or 
invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate 
in any respect, (iii) payment by the Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit 
against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with 
the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance 
whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but 
for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable 
discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrowers’ 
obligations hereunder.  Neither the Administrative Agent, the Revolving 
Lenders nor the Issuing Bank, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have 
any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the 
issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to 
make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances 
referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, 
interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, 
notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit 
(including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error 
in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes 
beyond the control of the Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall 
not be construed to excuse the Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrowers 
to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, 
claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers to the extent 
permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrowers that are caused by 
the Issuing Bank’s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts 
and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the 
terms thereof.  The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of 
bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the 
Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), 
the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such 
determination.  In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the 
generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents 
presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with 
the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank may, in its sole 
discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without 
responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or 
information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such 
documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of 
such Letter of Credit.
 
61
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(g)                                  Disbursement Procedures.  The Issuing 
Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents 
purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit.  The 
Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Parent 
by facsimile of such demand for payment and whether the Issuing Bank has 
made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure 
to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrowers of 
its obligation to reimburse the Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders with 
respect to any such LC Disbursement.
 
(h)                                 Interim Interest.  If the Issuing Bank 
shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrowers shall reimburse 
such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the 
unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including 
the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the 
Borrowers reimburse such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then 
applicable to Base Rate Revolving Loans; provided that, if the Borrowers 
fail to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) 
of this Section, then Section 2.06(a)(i) shall apply.  Interest accrued 
pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the Issuing Bank, 
except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any 
Revolving Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse the 
Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such 
payment.
 
(i)                                     Replacement of the Issuing Bank.  
The Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the 
Parent, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the 
successor Issuing Bank.  The Administrative Agent shall notify the 
Revolving Lenders of any such replacement of the Issuing Bank.  At the time 
any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrowers shall pay all 
unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant 
to Section 2.07(b).  From and after the effective date of any such 
replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and 
obligations of the Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to 
Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the 
term “Issuing Bank” shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any 
previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, 
as the context shall require.  After the replacement of an Issuing Bank 
hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall 
continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under 
this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such 
replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of 
Credit.
 
(j)                                    Cash Collateralization.  (i) Upon 
the request of the Administrative Agent to the Parent, (A) if the Issuing 
Bank has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of 
Credit and such drawing has resulted in an LC Disbursement, or (B) if, as 
of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any LC Exposure for any reason 
remains outstanding, the Borrowers shall, in each case, promptly, and in 
any event within one Business Day, Cash Collateralize the then outstanding 
amount of all LC Exposure.  At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting 
Lender that is a Revolving Lender, within three Business Days after the 
request of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, the Borrowers 
shall deliver to the Administrative Agent Cash Collateral in an amount 
sufficient to cover all Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 
2.15(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender).
 
62
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (ii)                                  In addition, if the
    Administrative Agent notifies the Parent at any time that the
    outstanding amount of all LC Exposure at such time exceeds 100% of the
    Letter of Credit Sublimit then in effect, then, within two Business
    Days after receipt of such notice, the Borrowers shall Cash
    Collateralize the LC Exposure in an amount equal to the amount by which
    the outstanding amount of all LC Exposure exceeds the Letter of Credit
    Sublimit.
     
    (iii)                               Sections 2.03 and 8.02(c) set forth
    certain additional requirements to deliver Cash Collateral hereunder. 
    For purposes of this Section 2.13, Section 2.03 and Section 8.02(c), “
    Cash Collateralize” means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the
    Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Issuing Bank and the
    Lenders, as collateral for the LC Exposure, cash or deposit account
    balances pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably
    satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank (which
    documents are hereby consented to by the Lenders).  Derivatives of such
    term have corresponding meanings.  Upon such pledge and deposit, the
    Borrowers shall grant to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of
    the Issuing Bank and the Lenders, a security interest in all such cash,
    deposit accounts and all balances therein and all proceeds of the
    foregoing.  Cash Collateral shall be maintained in blocked,
    non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Citizens.
     
Section 2.14.                          Increase of Commitments; Additional 
Lenders.
 
(a)                                 After the first anniversary of the 
Closing Date, the Parent may request that the then effective aggregate 
principal amount of the Term Loan Commitments be increased; provided that 
(i) the aggregate principal amount of the increases in the Term Loan 
Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall not exceed $20,000,000; 
(ii) the Borrowers shall execute and deliver such documents and instruments 
and take such other actions as may be reasonably required by Administrative 
Agent in connection with such increases and at the time of any such 
proposed increase; (iii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred 
and be continuing or would occur after giving effect to such increase, all 
representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan 
Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (without 
duplication of materiality qualifiers in the case of those representations 
and warranties that are expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect or 
other materiality) on and as of the date of such increase or, to the extent 
such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, on 
and as of such earlier date; (iv) the incremental Term Loans made under 
this Section 2.14 (“Incremental Term Loans”) shall have a maturity date no 
earlier than the Maturity Date for the Term Facility, and shall have a 
Weighted Average Life to Maturity no shorter than the Term Loans made under 
Section 2.01(a); (v) after giving effect to any Incremental Term Loans, the 
Borrowers shall be in compliance on a Pro Forma Basis with each of the 
financial covenants specified in Section 7.14, and the Total Leverage Ratio 
shall be lower than the lesser of (A) 2.95:1.00 and (B) the maximum ratio 
permitted under Section 7.14, adjusted by reducing the numerator of such 
ratio by 0.25, in each case as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter 
for which financial statements have been delivered, calculated as if such 
Incremental Term Loans had been made as of the first day of the relevant 
period for testing compliance after giving effect to the borrowing of such 
Incremental Term Loans; (vi) the terms (other than maturity, amortization 
and pricing) of any Incremental Term Loans shall be identical to those of 
the Term Loans made under Section 2.01(a), and if the All-In Yield 
applicable to any Incremental Term
 
63
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Loans exceeds the All-In Yield of the Term Loans existing at such time by 
more than 50 basis points, then the interest rate margins for the Term 
Loans existing at such time shall be increased to the extent necessary so 
that the All-In Yield of such Term Loans is equal to the All-In Yield of 
such Incremental Loans minus 50 basis points, (vii) the proceeds of any 
Incremental Term Loans may be used only to fund Permitted Acquisitions, 
other Investments permitted hereunder, and Capital Expenditures permitted 
hereunder and (viii) all other terms and conditions with respect to the 
Incremental Term Loans shall be reasonably satisfactory to Administrative 
Agent.  The Parent may also, but is not required to (except that the Parent 
shall so notify the Administrative Agent), specify any fees offered to 
those Lenders (the “Increasing Lenders”) which agree to increase the 
principal amount of their Term Loan Commitments, which fees may be variable 
based upon the amount by which any such Lender increases the principal 
amount of its Term Loan Commitment. No Lender shall have any obligation, 
express or implied, to offer to increase the aggregate principal amount of 
its Term Loan Commitment.
 
(b)                                 Only the consent of each Increasing 
Lender shall be required for an increase in the aggregate principal amount 
of the Term Loan Commitments, pursuant to this Section 2.14. No Lender 
which declines to increase the principal amount of its Term Loan Commitment 
may be replaced in respect to its existing Term Loan Commitment, as 
applicable, as a result thereof without such Lender’s consent.
 
(c)                                  Each Increasing Lender shall as soon 
as practicable specify the amount of the proposed increase that it is 
willing to assume. Subject to subsection (a)(5) above, the Borrowers may 
accept some or all of the offered amounts or designate new lenders that are 
acceptable to Administrative Agent (such approval not to be unreasonably 
withheld) as additional Lenders hereunder in accordance with this Section 
2.14 (each such new lender being an “Additional Lender”), which Additional 
Lenders may assume all or a portion of the Incremental Term Loans.  The 
Administrative Agent shall have discretion to adjust the allocation of 
Incremental Term Loans among Increasing Lenders and Additional Lenders.
 
(d)                                 Subject to subsections (a) and (b) of 
this Section 2.14, any increase requested by the Parent shall be effective 
upon delivery to Administrative Agent of each of the following documents:
 
    (i)                                     an originally executed copy of
    any instrument of joinder signed by a duly authorized officer of each
    Additional Lender, if any, in form and substance reasonably acceptable
    to Administrative Agent;
     
    (ii)                                  a notice to the Increasing
    Lenders and Additional Lenders, in form and substance reasonably
    acceptable to Administrative Agent, signed by a Responsible Officer of
    the Parent; (iii) a certificate of the Parent signed by a Responsible
    Officer, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Administrative
    Agent, certifying that each of the conditions in subsection (a) of this
    Section 2.14 has been satisfied; (iv) to the extent requested by any
    Additional Lender or Increasing Lender, executed promissory notes
    evidencing the Incremental Term Loan issued by the Borrowers in
    accordance with Section 2.09 and (v) any other certificates or
    documents that Administrative Agent shall reasonably request, in form
    and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent. Any such
    increase shall be in a principal amount equal to the sum of the
    principal
 
64
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    amount of the Incremental Term Loans that the Increasing Lenders and
    Additional Lenders are willing to assume, as applicable, as adjusted by
    the Parent and Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.14. Upon
    effectiveness of any such increase, the Commitments and Pro Rata Share
    of each Lender will be adjusted to give effect to the Incremental Term
    Loans, as applicable.
     
(e)                                  Commitments in respect of Incremental 
Loans shall become Commitments under this Agreement pursuant to an 
amendment (an “Incremental Amendment”) to this Agreement and, as 
appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrowers, each 
Lender agreeing to provide such Commitment, if any, each Additional Lender, 
if any, and the Administrative Agent.  The Incremental Amendment may, 
without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, 
in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Parent, to 
effect the provisions of this Section 2.14.  The Administrative Agent is 
expressly permitted to amend the Loan Documents to the extent necessary to 
give effect to any increase pursuant to this Section 2.14 and mechanical 
changes necessary or advisable in connection therewith (including 
amendments to implement the requirements in the preceding two sentences and 
amendments to ensure pro rata allocations of Eurodollar Loans and Base Rate 
Loans between Loans incurred pursuant to this Section 2.14 and Loans 
outstanding immediately prior to any such incurrence).
 
(f)                                   This Section 2.14 shall supersede any 
provisions in Section 2.11 or 10.01 to the contrary.
 
Section 2.15.                          Defaulting Lenders.
 
(a)                                 Defaulting Lender Adjustments.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if 
any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such 
Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by 
applicable law:
 
    (i)                                     Waivers and Amendments.  Such
    Defaulting Lender’s right to approve or disapprove any amendment,
    waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as
    set forth in the definition of Required Lenders.
     
    (ii)                                  Defaulting Lender Waterfall. Any
    payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the
    Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether
    voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or
    otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting
    Lender pursuant to Section 10.09 shall be applied at such time or times
    as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to
    the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the
    Administrative Agent hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata
    basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing
    Bank or Swingline Lender hereunder; third, to Cash Collateralize the
    Issuing Banks’ Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender
    in accordance with Section 2.13(j); fourth, as the Parent may request
    (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of
    any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund
    its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the
    Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative
    Agent and the Parent, to be held in a
 
65
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such
    Defaulting Lender’s potential future funding obligations with respect
    to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the Issuing
    Banks’ future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender
    with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement,
    in accordance with Section 2.13(j); sixth, to the payment of any
    amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lenders as
    a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained
    by any Lender, the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lenders against such
    Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its
    obligations under this Agreement; seventh, so long as no Default or
    Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the
    Borrowers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent
    jurisdiction obtained by a Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a
    result of such Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this
    Agreement; and eighth, to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise
    directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x)
    such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC
    Disbursements in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully
    funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the
    related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set
    forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be
    applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all
    non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to
    the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such
    Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded
    participations in obligations in respect of Letters of Credit and
    Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the
    Commitments under the applicable Facility without giving effect to
    Section 2.15(a)(iv). Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or
    payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay
    amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant
    to this Section 2.15(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by
    such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.
     
    (iii)                               Certain Fees.
     
        (A)                               No Defaulting Lender shall be
        entitled to receive any Commitment Fee for any period during which
        that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrowers shall not be
        required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been
        required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender).
         
        (B)                               Each Defaulting Lender shall be
        entitled to receive any LC Participation Fee or LC Fronting Fee for
        any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to
        the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated
        amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash
        Collateral pursuant to Section 2.13(j).
         
        (C)                               With respect to any Commitment
        Fee, LC Participation Fee or LC Fronting Fee not required to be
        paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above,
        the Borrowers shall (x) pay to each non-Defaulting Lender that
        portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender
        with respect to such Defaulting Lender’s participation in Letters
        of Credit or Swingline Loans that has been reallocated to such
        non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv)
 
66
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        below, (y) pay to each Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender, as
        applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such
        Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such Issuing Bank’s or
        Swingline Lender’s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and
        (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee.
         
    (iv)                              Reallocation of Participations to
    Reduce Fronting Exposure.  All or any part of such Defaulting Lender’s
    participation in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans shall be
    reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their
    respective Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such
    Defaulting Lender’s Commitment) but only to the extent that (x) the
    conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied at the time of such
    reallocation (and, unless the Parent shall have otherwise notified the
    Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrowers shall be deemed to
    have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at
    such time), and (y) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate
    Revolving Exposure of any non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such
    non-Defaulting Lender’s Revolving Commitment.  No reallocation
    hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any
    party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender
    having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a
    non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such non-Defaulting Lender’s
    increased exposure following such reallocation.
     
    (v)                                 Cash Collateral, Repayment of
    Swingline Loans.  If the reallocation described in clause (iv) above
    cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrowers shall,
    without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or
    under law, (x) first, prepay Swingline Loans in an amount equal to the
    Swingline Lenders’ Fronting Exposure and (y) second, Cash Collateralize
    the Issuing Banks’ Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures
    set forth in Section 2.13(j).
     
(b)                                 Defaulting Lender Cure.  If the Parent, 
the Administrative Agent and each Swingline Lender and Issuing Bank agree 
in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the 
Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the 
effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set 
forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash 
Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par 
that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other 
actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause 
the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and 
Swingline Loans to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the 
Commitments under the applicable Facility (without giving effect to Section 
2.15(a)(ii), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; 
provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to 
fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while that 
Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the 
extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change 
hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or 
release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender’s 
having been a Defaulting Lender.
 
(c)                                  New Swingline Loans/Letters of Credit
.  So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (i) the Swingline Lender 
shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loans unless it is satisfied 
that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect to such 
Swingline Loan and (ii)
 
67
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, extend, renew or increase any 
Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting 
Exposure after giving effect thereto.
 
Section 2.16.                          Obligations of the Borrowers; 
Appointment of the Parent as Agent.
 
(a)                                 The Obligations of all Borrowers shall 
be joint and several in nature as provided in the Guarantee and Collateral 
Agreement.
 
(b)                                 Each Borrower hereby irrevocably 
appoints the Parent as its agent for all purposes relevant to this 
Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents, including (i) the giving 
and receipt of notices, (ii) the execution and delivery of all documents, 
instruments and certificates contemplated herein and all modifications 
hereto, and (iii) the receipt of the proceeds of any Loans made by the 
Lenders to any such Borrower hereunder.  Any acknowledgment, consent, 
direction, certification or other action which might otherwise be valid or 
effective only if given or taken by all Borrowers, or by any Borrower 
acting singly, shall be valid and effective if given or taken only by the 
Parent, whether or not any such other Borrower joins therein. Any notice, 
demand, consent, acknowledgement, direction, certification or other 
communication delivered to the Parent in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement shall be deemed to have been delivered to each Borrower.
 
ARTICLE III.
 
Taxes, Increased Costs Protection and Illegality
 
Section 3.01.                          Taxes.  For the purposes of this 
Section 3.01, the term “Lender” includes any Issuing Bank and the term 
“applicable law” includes FATCA.
 
(a)                                 Except as required by applicable law, 
any and all payments by any Loan Party to or for the account of any Agent 
or any Lender under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and 
without deduction for any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, 
imposts, deductions, assessments, fees, withholdings or similar charges, 
and all liabilities (including additions to tax, penalties and interest) 
with respect thereto (“Taxes”).  If any applicable law (as determined in 
the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires an 
applicable withholding agent to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any 
sum payable by a Loan Party under any Loan Document to any Agent or any 
Lender, (i) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, the sum payable by such Loan 
Party shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required 
deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable 
under this Section 3.01(a)), each of such Agent and such Lender receives an 
amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been 
made, (ii) the applicable withholding agent shall make such deductions, and 
(iii) the applicable withholding agent shall pay the full amount deducted 
to the relevant taxing authority.  Within thirty (30) days after the date 
of the payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority 
pursuant to this Section 3.01 (or, if receipts or evidence are not 
available within thirty (30) days, as soon as practicable thereafter), such 
Loan Party shall furnish to the Administrative Agent the original or a 
facsimile copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof to the extent such a 
receipt has been made available to such Loan Party (or other evidence of 
payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent).  If a Loan 
Party fails to pay any Indemnified Taxes when due to the
 
68
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
appropriate taxing authority or fails to remit to any Agent or any Lender 
the required receipts or other required documentary evidence that has been 
made available to such Loan Party, such Loan Party shall indemnify such 
Agent and such Lender for any incremental Taxes that may become payable by 
such Agent or such Lender arising out of such failure.
 
(b)                                 Each Lender (including an Eligible 
Assignee to which a Lender assigns its interest in accordance with Section 
10.07) that is not a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 
7701(a)(30) of the Code (each a “Foreign Lender”) agrees to complete and 
deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the 
date on which such Foreign Lender (or Eligible Assignee) becomes a party 
hereto and at the time or times prescribed by applicable Law, two (2) 
accurate, complete and original signed copies of whichever of the following 
is applicable:  (i) IRS Form W-8BEN certifying that it is entitled to 
benefits under an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party; 
(ii) IRS Form W-ECI certifying that the income receivable pursuant to any 
Loan Document is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or 
business in the United States; (iii) if the Foreign Lender is not (A) a 
bank described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a 10-percent 
shareholder described in Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (C) a 
controlled foreign corporation related to any Borrower within the meaning 
of Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, a certificate to that effect in 
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit F-1, F-2, F-3 or F-4, as 
applicable (a “Non-Bank Certificate”) and an IRS Form W-8BEN, certifying 
that the Foreign Lender is not a United States person; (iv) to the extent a 
Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, IRS Form W-8IMY (or any successor forms) of the Foreign Lender, 
accompanied by, as and to the extent applicable, a Form W-8BEN, Form W-ECI, 
Non-Bank Certificate, Form W-9 (or other successor forms) and any other 
required supporting information from each beneficial owner (it being 
understood that a Foreign Lender need not provide certificates or 
supporting documentation from beneficial owners if such Foreign Lender is 
able to establish, and does establish, to the reasonable satisfaction of 
the Parent and the Administrative Agent that payments to such Foreign 
Lender are, to the extent applicable, entitled to an exemption from or, if 
an exemption is not available, a reduction in the rate of, U.S. federal 
withholding taxes without providing such certificates or supporting 
documentation); or (v) any other form prescribed by applicable requirements 
of U.S. federal income tax law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a 
reduction in U.S. federal withholding tax duly completed together with such 
supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable requirements 
of law to permit the Parent and the Administrative Agent to determine the 
withholding or deduction required to be made.  Each Foreign Lender agrees 
that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this 
paragraph (b) expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it 
shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and 
the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.
 
(c)                                  In addition, each such Foreign Lender 
shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, (i) promptly submit 
to the Parent and the Administrative Agent two (2) accurate, complete and 
original signed copies of such other or additional forms or certificates 
(or such successor forms or certificates as shall be adopted from time to 
time by the relevant taxing authorities) as may then be applicable or 
available to secure an exemption from or reduction in the rate of, or to 
determine the withholding or deduction required to be made on account of, 
U.S. federal withholding tax (A) on or before the date that such Foreign 
Lender’s most recently delivered form, certificate or other evidence 
expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any material
 
69
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
respect (or promptly notifies the Parent and Administrative Agent in 
writing of its legal inability to do so), (B) after the occurrence of a 
change in the Foreign Lender’s circumstances requiring a change in the most 
recent form, certificate or evidence previously delivered by it to the 
Parent and the Administrative Agent, and (C) from time to time thereafter 
if reasonably requested by a Borrower or the Administrative Agent, and (ii) 
promptly notify the Parent and the Administrative Agent of any change in 
the Foreign Lender’s circumstances which would modify or render invalid any 
claimed exemption or reduction.
 
(d)                                 Each Lender that is a “United States 
person” (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) (each a “
U.S. Lender”) agrees to complete and deliver to the Parent and the 
Administrative Agent two (2) original copies of accurate, complete and 
signed IRS Form W-9 or successor form certifying that such U.S. Lender is 
not subject to United States backup withholding tax (i) on or prior to the 
Closing Date (or on or prior to the date it becomes a party to this 
Agreement), (ii) on or before the date that such form expires or becomes 
obsolete or inaccurate in any material respect (or promptly notifies the 
Parent and Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do 
so), (iii) after the occurrence of a change in such U.S. Lender’s 
circumstances requiring a change in the most recent form previously 
delivered by it to the Parent and the Administrative Agent, and (iv) from 
time to time thereafter if reasonably requested by the Parent or the 
Administrative Agent.
 
(e)                                  The Loan Parties agree to timely pay 
any and all present or future stamp, court or documentary taxes and any 
other excise, property, intangible or mortgage recording taxes or charges 
or similar levies which arise from any payment made under any Loan Document 
or from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration 
of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document (including additions to 
tax, penalties and interest related thereto) (all such non-excluded taxes 
described in this Section 3.01(e) being hereinafter referred to as “Other 
Taxes”).
 
(f)                                   If claims for any Indemnified Taxes 
are paid or payable by any Agent or Lender with respect to any payment 
received by such Agent or Lender in respect of any Loan Document, such 
Agent or Lender may pay such Indemnified Taxes and the Loan Parties will 
promptly jointly and severally indemnify and hold harmless such Agent or 
Lender for the full amount of such Indemnified Taxes (and any Indemnified 
Taxes imposed on amounts payable under this Section 3.01), and any 
reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or 
not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted.  
Payments under this Section 3.01(f) shall be made within ten (10) days 
after the date the Parent receives written demand for payment from such 
Agent or Lender.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or 
liability delivered to the Parent by a Lender (with a copy to the 
Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or 
on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
 
(g)                                  Each Lender shall severally indemnify 
the Administrative Agent for any and all Taxes (but, in the case of any 
Indemnified Taxes, only to the extent that the Borrowers have not already 
indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without 
limiting the obligation of the Borrowers to do so) attributable to such 
Lender or attributable to such Lender’s failure to comply with Section 
10.07(e) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register that are 
paid or payable by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan
 
70
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
Document and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect 
thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or 
asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  The indemnity under this 
Section 3.01(g) shall be paid within ten (10) days after the Administrative 
Agent delivers to the applicable Lender a certificate stating the amount of 
taxes so paid or payable by the Administrative Agent.  Such certificate 
shall be conclusive of the amount so paid or payable absent manifest error. 
 Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and 
apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan 
Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender 
from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent 
under this paragraph (g).
 
(h)                                 If a payment made to a Lender under any 
Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by 
FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting 
requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 
1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the 
Parent and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law 
and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Parent or the 
Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law 
(including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such 
additional documentation reasonably requested by the Parent or the 
Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Parent and the 
Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to 
determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender’s obligations 
under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such 
payment.  Solely for purposes of this clause (D), “FATCA” shall include any 
amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
 
(i)                                     If any Agent or any Lender 
determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has 
received a refund in respect of any Taxes as to which it has been 
indemnified by the Borrowers, or with respect to which the Borrowers have 
paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall promptly 
remit such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or 
additional amounts paid, by the Borrowers under this Section 3.01 with 
respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket 
expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and without 
interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental 
Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Borrowers, upon 
the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agree to repay the 
amount paid over to the Borrowers (plus any penalties, interest or other 
charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the 
Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent 
or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental 
Authority.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (i), 
in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an 
indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (i) the payment of which 
would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax 
position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject 
to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, 
withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or 
additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid.  The 
Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, shall provide the 
Parent with a copy of any notice of assessment or other evidence reasonably 
available of the requirement to repay such refund received from the 
relevant Governmental Authority (provided that such Lender or the 
Administrative Agent may delete any information therein that such Lender or 
the Administrative Agent deems confidential in its sole discretion).  This 
subsection
 
71
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to 
make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its 
Taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrowers or any other Person.
 
(j)                                    The agreements in this Section 3.01 
shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or 
any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the 
termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other 
amounts payable hereunder.
 
Section 3.02.                          Illegality.  If any Lender 
determines that any Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any 
Governmental Authority has asserted after the Closing Date that it is 
unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain 
or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to the Eurodollar 
Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar 
Rate or Adjusted Eurodollar Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed 
material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, 
or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank market, then, on 
notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrowers through the Administrative 
Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurodollar 
Rate Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be 
suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender 
making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is 
determined by reference to the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate component of the 
Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, 
if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative 
Agent without reference to the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate component of the 
Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent 
and the Borrowers that the circumstances giving rise to such determination 
no longer exist.  Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrowers may revoke 
any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of 
Eurodollar Rate Loans and shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy 
to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, at the Borrowers’ option, convert 
all Eurodollar Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest 
rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid 
such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without 
reference to the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate), 
either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may 
lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans to such day, or 
immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such 
Eurodollar Rate Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such 
Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Adjusted 
Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate with respect to any Base Rate 
Loans, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension 
compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the 
Adjusted Eurodollar Rate component thereof until the Administrative Agent 
is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such 
Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar 
Rate.  Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay 
accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted.
 
Section 3.03.                          Inability to Determine Rates.  If 
the Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any 
request for a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a conversion to or continuation 
thereof that (a) Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the 
London interbank eurodollar market for the applicable amount and Interest 
Period of such Eurodollar Rate Loan, (b) adequate and reasonable means do 
not exist for determining the Eurodollar Rate
 
72
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar 
Rate Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, or 
(c) the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a 
proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the 
cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will 
promptly so notify each Borrower and each Lender.  Thereafter, (x) the 
obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurodollar Rate Loans shall 
be suspended, and (y) in the event of a determination described in the 
preceding sentence with respect to the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate component 
of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate component 
in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the 
Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes 
such notice.  Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrowers may revoke any 
pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of 
Eurodollar Rate Loans or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted 
such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the 
amount specified therein.
 
Section 3.04.                          Increased Cost and Reduced Return; 
Capital Adequacy; Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans.
 
(a)                                 Increased Costs Generally.  If any 
Change in Law shall:
 
    (i)                                     impose, modify or deem
    applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance
    charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for
    the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender;
     
    (ii)                                  subject any Lender or Agent to
    any Tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement or any
    Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it, or change the basis of taxation of
    payments to such Lender in respect thereof (except for Indemnified
    Taxes covered by Section 3.01 and the imposition of, or any change in
    the rate of, any Excluded Tax); or
     
    (iii)                               impose on any Lender or the London
    interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this
    Agreement or Eurodollar Rate Loans made by such Lender that is not
    otherwise accounted for in the definition of Adjusted Eurodollar Rate
    or this clause (a);
     
and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to 
such Lender of making or maintaining any Loan the interest on which is 
determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate (or of maintaining its 
obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender, 
or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender 
(whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then from time to time 
upon written demand of such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the 
charge and the calculation of such additional costs or reduction suffered 
(with a copy of such demand to the Administrative Agent), the Borrowers 
will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will 
compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction 
suffered.
 
(b)                                 Capital Requirements.  If any Lender 
determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any Lending 
Office of such Lender or such Lender’s holding company, if any, regarding 
capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of 
return
 
73
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
on such Lender’s capital or on the capital of such Lender’s holding 
company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of 
such Lender or the Loans made by it to a level below that which such Lender 
or such Lender’s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in 
Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s policies and the policies of 
such Lender’s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from 
time to time upon demand of such Lender setting forth in reasonable detail 
the charge and the calculation of such reduced rate of return (with a copy 
of such demand to the Administrative Agent), the Borrowers will pay to such 
Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will 
compensate such Lender or such Lender’s holding company for any such 
reduction suffered.
 
(c)                                  Certificates for Reimbursement.  A 
certificate of a Lender setting forth, in reasonable detail, the 
calculation of the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or 
its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or 
(b) of this Section 3.04 and delivered to the Borrowers shall be conclusive 
absent manifest or demonstrable error.  The Borrowers shall pay such 
Lender, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate 
within fifteen (15) days after receipt thereof.
 
(d)                                 Delay in Requests.  Failure or delay on 
the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing 
provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such 
Lender’s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrowers 
shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to the foregoing 
provisions of this Section 3.04 for any increased costs incurred or 
reductions suffered more than one hundred and eighty (180) days prior to 
the date that such Lender notifies the Borrowers of the Change in Law 
giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender’s 
intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law 
giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 
180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of 
retroactive effect thereof).
 
Section 3.05.                          Funding Losses.  Upon written demand 
of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, 
which demand shall set forth in reasonable detail the basis for requesting 
such amount, the Borrowers shall promptly compensate such Lender for and 
hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as 
a result of:
 
(a)                                 any continuation, conversion, payment 
or prepayment of any Eurodollar Loan on a day prior to the last day of the 
Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by 
reason of acceleration, or otherwise);
 
(b)                                 any failure by any Borrower (for a 
reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, 
borrow, continue or convert to any Eurodollar Loan on the date or in the 
amount notified by any Borrower; or
 
(c)                                  any assignment of a Eurodollar Rate 
Loan on a day prior to the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a 
result of a request by a Borrower pursuant to Section 3.07;
 
including any loss or expense (excluding loss of anticipated profits or 
margin) actually incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of 
funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to 
terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained.
 
74
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 3.06.                          Matters Applicable to All Requests 
for Compensation.
 
(a)                                 Designation of a Different Lending 
Office.  If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or the 
Borrowers are required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any 
Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 
3.01, or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then such 
Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office 
for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and 
obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, 
if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) 
would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, 
as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice 
pursuant to Section 3.02, as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not 
subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense and would 
not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender in any material economic, 
legal or regulatory respect.
 
(b)                                 Suspension of Lender Obligations.  If 
any Lender requests compensation by the Borrowers under Section 3.04, the 
Borrowers may, by notice to such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative 
Agent), suspend the obligation of such Lender to make or continue 
Eurodollar Rate Loans from one Interest Period to another Interest Period, 
or to convert Base Rate Loans into Eurodollar Rate Loans, until the event 
or condition giving rise to such request ceases to be in effect (in which 
case the provisions of Section 3.06(c) shall be applicable); provided that 
such suspension shall not affect the right of such Lender to receive the 
compensation so requested.
 
(c)                                  Conversion of Eurodollar Rate Loans.  
If any Lender gives notice to the Borrowers (with a copy to the 
Administrative Agent) that the circumstances specified in Section 3.03 or 
3.04 hereof that gave rise to the conversion of such Lender’s Eurodollar 
Rate Loans no longer exist (which such Lender agrees to do promptly upon 
such circumstances ceasing to exist) at a time when Eurodollar Rate Loans 
made by other Lenders are outstanding, such Lender’s Base Rate Loans shall 
be automatically converted, on the first day(s) of the next succeeding 
Interest Period(s) for such outstanding Eurodollar Rate Loans, to the 
extent necessary so that, after giving effect thereto, all Loans of a given 
Class held by the Lenders of such Class holding Eurodollar Rate Loans and 
by such Lender are held pro rata (as to principal amounts, interest rate 
basis, and Interest Periods) in accordance with their respective Pro Rata 
Shares.
 
Section 3.07.                          Replacement of Lenders under Certain 
Circumstances.  If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 
or ceases to make Eurodollar Rate Loans as a result of any condition 
described in Section 3.02 or Section 3.04, (ii) the Borrowers are required 
to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority 
for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, or (iii) any Lender 
is a Non-Consenting Lender (as defined below), then the Borrowers may, at 
their sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the 
Administrative Agent, require such Non-Consenting Lender to assign and 
delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the 
restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.07), all of 
its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related 
Loan Documents to one or more Eligible Assignees that shall assume such 
obligations (any of which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender 
accepts such assignment), provided that:
 
(a)                                 the Administrative Agent shall have 
received the assignment fee specified in Section 10.07(b)(iv), if any;
 
75
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b)                                 such Lender shall have received payment 
of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued 
interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it 
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under 
Section 3.05) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding 
principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrowers (in the case of 
all other amounts);
 
(c)                                  such Lender being replaced pursuant to 
this Section 3.07 shall (i) execute and deliver an Assignment and 
Assumption with respect to such Lender’s Commitment and outstanding Loans, 
and (ii) deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrowers or 
Administrative Agent (or a lost or destroyed note indemnity in lieu 
thereof); provided that the failure of any such Lender to execute an 
Assignment and Assumption or deliver such Notes shall not render such sale 
and purchase (and the corresponding assignment) invalid and such assignment 
shall be recorded in the Register and the Notes shall be deemed to be 
canceled upon such failure;
 
(d)                                 the Eligible Assignee shall become a 
Lender hereunder (if not already a Lender hereunder) and the assigning 
Lender shall cease to constitute a Lender hereunder with respect to such 
assigned Loans, Commitments and participations, except with respect to 
indemnification provisions under this Agreement, which shall survive as to 
such assigning Lender;
 
(e)                                  in the case of any such assignment 
resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments 
required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result 
in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and
 
(f)                                   such assignment does not conflict 
with applicable Laws.
 
In the event that (i) a Borrower or the Administrative Agent has requested 
that the Lenders consent to a departure or waiver of any provisions of the 
Loan Documents or agree to any amendment thereto, (ii) the consent, waiver 
or amendment in question requires the agreement of each Lender, all 
affected Lenders or all the Lenders or all affected Lenders with respect to 
a certain Class or Classes of the Loans and (iii) the Required Lenders or 
Required Facility Lenders, as applicable, have agreed to such consent, 
waiver or amendment, then any Lender who does not agree to such consent, 
waiver or amendment shall be deemed a “Non-Consenting Lender”.
 
A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation 
if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the 
circumstances entitling the Borrowers to require such assignment and 
delegation cease to apply.
 
Section 3.08.                          Survival.  All of the Borrowers’ 
obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the 
Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder and 
resignation of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent.
 
76
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE IV.
 
Conditions Precedent to Borrowings
 
Section 4.01.                          Conditions to Effectiveness.  The 
effectiveness of this Agreement, as amended and restated hereby, is subject 
to the following conditions precedent, except as otherwise agreed among the 
Parent and the Administrative Agent:
 
(a)                                 The Administrative Agent’s receipt of 
the following, each of which shall be originals or facsimiles (followed 
promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed 
by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party each in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its legal 
counsel:
 
    (i)                                     executed counterparts of this
    Agreement;
     
    (ii)                                  executed counterparts of the
    Subordination Agreement;
     
    (iii)                               a fully executed copy of the
    Subordinated Loan Agreement;
     
    (iv)                              fully executed copies of each of the
    other Subordinated Loan Documents;
     
    (v)                                 a fully executed copy of the
    Reaffirmation Agreement;
     
    (vi)                              legal opinions of Wuersch & Gering
    LLP, counsel to the Loan Parties, and such local counsel as the
    Administrative Agent may reasonably require, each in form and substance
    reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, dated the
    Effective Date, and addressed to the Administrative Agent, the
    Collateral Agent, and the Lenders; and
     
    (vii)                           a solvency certificate from the chief
    financial officer of the Parent (after giving effect to the
    transactions contemplated hereunder and pursuant to the Subordinated
    Loan Documents) substantially in the form as provided on the Closing
    Date.
     
(b)                                 All fees and expenses required to be 
paid hereunder (to the extent invoiced prior to the Effective Date) shall 
have been paid in full in cash (or arrangements satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent shall have been made for payment of such amounts 
immediately upon the making of the initial Loans hereunder).
 
(c)                                  Simultaneously with the execution of 
this Agreement, each of the transactions contemplated by the Subordinated 
Loan Documents shall be consummated in accordance with applicable law and 
in accordance in all material respects with the Subordinated Loan 
Documents.
 
(d)                                 Since June 30, 2013, there shall not 
have occurred a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(e)                                  The Administrative Agent shall have 
received a certificate from a Responsible Officer of the Parent confirming 
the accuracy of the representations and warranties in the Loan Documents in 
all material respects (except to the extent such representations and 
warranties specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such 
representations and warranties shall have
 
77
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier 
date) and the absence of any Default or Event of Default on the Effective 
Date.
 
Section 4.02.                          Conditions to All Borrowings.  The 
obligation of each Lender to honor a Loan Notice or Letter of Credit Notice 
on or after the Closing Date is subject to the following conditions 
precedent:
 
(a)                                 The representations and warranties of 
the Borrowers and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other 
Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as 
of the date of such Borrowing and before and after giving effect to the 
application of the proceeds thereof; provided that, to the extent that such 
representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, they 
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date; 
provided, further that any representation or warranty that is qualified as 
to “materiality,” “Material Adverse Effect” or similar language shall be 
true and correct (after giving effect to any qualification therein) without 
duplication of materiality qualifiers on such date or such earlier date, as 
the case may be.
 
(b)                                 No Default shall exist or would result 
from any such Borrowing or the application of the proceeds therefrom.
 
(c)                                  The Administrative Agent shall have 
received a Loan Notice or Letter of Credit Notice in accordance with the 
requirements hereof.
 
(d)                                 After giving effect to the requested 
Borrowing or issuance, amendment or extension of the Letter of Credit, the 
outstanding Aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure will not exceed the 
aggregate Revolving Commitments and the outstanding Delayed Draw Term Loans 
shall not exceed the aggregate Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments.
 
Each Loan Notice (other than a Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of 
Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans) and 
each Letter or Credit Notice submitted by a Borrower shall be deemed to be 
a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Section 4.02 
have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Borrowing.
 
ARTICLE V.
 
Representations and Warranties
 
The Borrowers represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and the 
Lenders that:
 
Section 5.01.                          Existence, Qualification and Power; 
Compliance with Laws and Business.  Each Loan Party (a) is a Person duly 
organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws 
of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (to the extent 
such concept exists in such jurisdiction), (b) has all corporate or other 
organizational power and authority to (i) own its assets and carry on its 
business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the 
Loan Documents to which it is a party and to consummate the Transaction, 
(c) is duly qualified and in good standing (to the extent such concept 
exists) under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or 
operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such 
qualification, (d) is in compliance with all applicable Laws, orders, 
writs,
 
78
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
injunctions and orders and (e) has all requisite governmental licenses, 
authorizations, consents and approvals to operate its business as currently 
conducted; except in each case referred to in clause (c), (d) or (e), to 
the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have, 
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 5.02.                          Authorization; No Contravention.  
(a) The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan 
Document to which such Person is a party, and the consummation of the 
Transaction on the Closing Date, have been duly authorized by all necessary 
corporate or other organizational action, and (b) neither the execution, 
delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which 
such Loan Party is a party nor the consummation of the Transaction will (i) 
contravene the terms of any of such Loan Party’s Organization Documents, 
(ii) violate or result in a default or require any consent or approval 
under (x) any Contractual Obligation or other document binding upon any 
Loan Party or its property or to which any Loan Party or its property is 
subject, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be 
made by any Loan Party, except for violations, defaults or the creation of 
such rights that could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material 
Adverse Effect or (y) any Organization Document, (iii) result in any breach 
or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien upon any of the property 
or assets of such Loan Party (other than as permitted by Section 7.01) 
under (A) any Contractual Obligation to which such Loan Party is a party or 
affecting such Loan Party or the properties of such Person or (B) any 
order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any 
arbitral award to which such Loan Party or its property is subject; or (iv) 
violate any applicable Law, except with respect to any breach, 
contravention or violation (but not creation of Liens) referred to in 
clauses (ii) and (iii) , to the extent that such breach, contravention or 
violation would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the 
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 5.03.                          Governmental Authorization.  No 
material approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, 
or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is necessary or 
required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or 
enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan 
Document, or for the consummation on the Closing Date of the Transaction, 
except for (i) filings necessary to perfect the Liens on the Collateral 
granted by the Loan Parties in favor of the Secured Parties (to the extent 
that such Liens can be perfected), (ii) the approvals, consents, 
exemptions, authorizations, actions, notices and filings that have been 
duly obtained, taken, given or made and are in full force and effect and 
(iii) those approvals, consents, exemptions, authorizations or other 
actions, notices or filings, the failure of which to obtain or make would 
not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a 
Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 5.04.                          Binding Effect.  This Agreement and 
each other Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan 
Party that is party thereto.  This Agreement and each other Loan Document 
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, 
enforceable against such Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance 
with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by Debtor 
Relief Laws and by general principles of equity and principles of good 
faith and fair dealing.
 
79
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 5.05.                          Material Contracts.
 
(a)                                 The Borrowers have provided the 
Administrative Agent complete copies of all Material Contracts which exist 
on the Closing Date.  Each Material Contract existing on the Closing Date 
is listed on Schedule 5.05(a).
 
(b)                                 Each Material Contract has been duly 
authorized, executed and delivered by each Loan Party thereto, is in full 
force and effect and is binding upon and enforceable against each Loan 
Party thereto and, to the Borrowers’ knowledge, all other parties thereto 
in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited 
by Debtor Relief Laws and by general principles of equity and principles of 
good faith and fair dealing.
 
(c)                                  No Borrower is in breach or default of 
any Material Contract in any material respect (which shall include, without 
limitation, any breach which could reasonably be expected to result in a 
termination of such Material Contract) and, to the knowledge of the 
Borrowers’, no other party to a Material Contract is in breach or default 
in any material respect thereunder.
 
Section 5.06.                          Financial Statements; No Material 
Adverse Effect; No Default.
 
(a)                                 (i)                                     
The Annual Financial Statements and the Quarterly Financial Statements 
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition the of the 
Parent and its Subsidiaries, as of the dates thereof and their results of 
operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP 
consistently applied throughout the periods covered thereby, (A) except as 
otherwise expressly noted therein and (B) subject, in the case of the 
Quarterly Financial Statements, to changes resulting from normal year-end 
adjustments and the absence of footnotes.
 
    (ii)                                  The unaudited pro forma
    consolidated balance sheet of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries as
    of the last day of the most recently completed quarterly period ended
    at least thirty (30) days prior to the Closing Date (but not more than
    forty-five (45) days prior to the Closing Date), prepared after giving
    effect to the Transaction as if the Transaction had occurred as of such
    date (including the notes thereto) (the “Pro Forma Balance Sheet”) and
    the unaudited pro forma consolidated statement of income of the
    Borrowers and their Subsidiaries for the 12-month period ended on such
    date, prepared after giving effect to the Transaction as if the
    Transaction had occurred at the beginning of such period (together with
    the Pro Forma Balance Sheet, the “Pro Forma Financial Statements”),
    copies of which have heretofore been furnished to the Administrative
    Agent, have been prepared based on the Annual Financial Statements and
    the Quarterly Financial Statements and have been prepared in good
    faith, based on assumptions believed by the Borrowers to be reasonable
    at the time made, it being understood that projections as to future
    events are not to be viewed as facts, are subject to certain inherent
    uncertainties, and results may vary materially from such forecasts.
     
    (iii)                               The ATC Financial Statements fairly
    present in all material respects the financial condition of ATC and its
    Subsidiaries, as of the dates thereof and their results of operations
    for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently
    applied throughout the periods covered thereby, except as otherwise
    expressly noted therein.
     
    (iv)                              The Thixoforming Financial Statements
    fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of
    Thixoforming and its Subsidiaries, as of the dates
 
80
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

     
    thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby
    in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods
    covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein.
     
(b)                                 Since June 30, 2013, there has been no 
event or circumstance that, either individually or in the aggregate, has 
had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  As 
of the Closing Date, since December 31, 2013, there has been no event of 
circumstance that either individually or in the aggregate, has had or would 
reasonably be expected to have an ATC Material Adverse Effect or a 
Thixoforming Material Adverse Effect.
 
(c)                                  The forecasts of consolidated balance 
sheets, income statements and cash flow statements of the Borrower and its 
Subsidiaries for each fiscal year ending after the Closing Date until the 
fifth anniversary of the Closing Date, copies of which have been furnished 
to the Administrative Agent prior to the Closing Date, and all the 
Projections delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 have been prepared in good 
faith on the basis of the assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time 
made, it being understood that projections as to future events are not to 
be viewed as facts, are subject to certain inherent uncertainties and 
actual results may vary materially from such forecasts.
 
(d)                                 No Default or Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing.
 
Section 5.07.                          Litigation.  There are no actions, 
suits, investigations, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the 
knowledge of the Parent, threatened, at law, in equity, in arbitration or 
before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Parent or any of its 
Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect.
 
Section 5.08.                          Labor Matters.  Except as would not 
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a 
Material Adverse Effect:  (a) there are no strikes or other labor disputes 
against the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries pending or, to the knowledge 
of the Parent, threatened; (b) hours worked by and payment made to 
employees of each of the Parent or its Subsidiaries have not been in 
material violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable 
Laws dealing with wage and hour matters; (c) there exists no worker’s 
compensation liability, experience or other matter; (d) to the knowledge of 
the Parent, after due inquiry, there is no threatened or pending liability 
against any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to the Worker 
Adjustment Retraining and Notification Act of 1988 (“WARN”), or any similar 
state or local law; (e) there is no employment-related charge, complaint, 
grievance, investigation, unfair labor practice claim, or inquiry of any 
kind, pending against the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries; and (f) to the 
knowledge of the Parent, after due inquiry, no employee or agent of the 
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries has committed any act or omission giving 
rise to liability for any violation identified in subsection (d) and (e) 
above.
 
Section 5.09.                          Ownership of Property; Liens.  Each 
Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries has marketable title in fee simple 
to, or valid leasehold interests in, or easements or other limited property 
interests in, all real property owned or used by it, including any 
Mortgaged Properties, free and clear of all Liens except for Liens 
permitted by Section 7.01 and except where the failure to have such title 
or other interest would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or 
in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
81
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 5.10.                          Environmental Matters.
 
(a)                                 Except as would not reasonably be 
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse 
Effect, (i) each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance 
with all applicable Environmental Laws in those jurisdictions in which each 
Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, is currently 
doing business (including having obtained all Environmental Permits) and 
(ii) none of the Loan Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries has 
become subject to any pending, or to the knowledge of the Parent, 
threatened Environmental Claim or any other Environmental Liability.
 
(b)                                 None of the Loan Parties or any of 
their respective Subsidiaries has treated, stored, transported or disposed 
of Hazardous Materials at or from any currently or formerly operated real 
estate or facility relating to its business in a manner that would 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(c)                                  Except as would not reasonably be 
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse 
Effect:  (i) no proceeding against any Loan Party or any of their 
Subsidiaries is pending, no notice, notification, demand, request for 
information, citation, summons or order has been received by any Loan Party 
or any of their Subsidiaries, no complaint has been filed against any Loan 
Party or any of their Subsidiaries, no penalty has been assessed against 
any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of the 
Parent, no investigation or review involving any Loan Party or any of their 
Subsidiaries is pending and, to the Parent’s knowledge, none of the 
foregoing is threatened by any Governmental Authority or other Person 
against any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries:  (A) with respect to 
any violation or alleged violation of any Environmental Law in connection 
with the property, operations or conduct of business of the Loan Parties; 
(B) with respect to any failure or alleged failure under any Governmental 
Approval relating to Hazardous Materials or relating to compliance with any 
Environmental Law required in connection with the property, operations or 
conduct of the business of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries; or (C) 
with respect to any presence, generation, treatment, storage, discharge, 
recycling, transportation or disposal or release, of any Hazardous 
Materials generated by the operations of business, or located on, under or 
at any property of, the Borrowers; (ii) to the Borrowers’ knowledge: (A) 
Hazardous Materials are not migrating from any property now or previously 
owned by any Borrower or leased by any Borrower, in either case in such 
quantities or conditions so as to require removal or other response or 
remedial action by any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries which has 
not yet been taken, or give rise to liability of any Loan Party or any of 
their Subsidiaries under any applicable Environmental Law; and (B) none of 
such properties has been used by any Borrower, or to the Borrowers’ 
knowledge any other Person, as a dump site or as a treatment, disposal or 
storage site (whether permanent or temporary) for any Hazardous Materials; 
and (iii) to the Borrowers’ knowledge there are no underground storage 
tanks which have been used by any Loan Party or any of their Subsidiaries 
to store or contain any Hazardous Materials, active or abandoned, at any 
property now or previously owned or leased by any Borrower; and
 
(d)                                 Except as would not reasonably be 
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse 
Effect, no Borrower nor any business conducted by a Borrower has 
transported or arranged for the transportation and/or disposal (directly or 
indirectly) of any Hazardous Materials to or at any location which is 
listed or, to the Borrowers’ knowledge,
 
82
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
proposed for listing under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, 
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, or any comparable successor federal 
statute (“CERCLA”), the Comprehensive Environment Response, Compensation 
and Liability System (“CERCLIS”) or any similar state list or is a site 
that is the subject of federal, state or local enforcement action or, to 
the Borrowers’ knowledge, investigation under Environmental Laws concerning 
environmental conditions, nor is any property now or previously owned or 
leased by any Borrower listed or, to the Borrowers’ knowledge, proposed for 
listing on any such list.
 
Section 5.11.                          Solvency.  The Parent and its 
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis are Solvent.
 
Section 5.12.                          Taxes.  Except as would not, either 
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a 
Material Adverse Effect, the Parent and its Subsidiaries have timely filed 
all Federal and other Tax returns required to be filed, and have timely 
paid all Federal and other Taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental 
charges, in each case, in the nature of a Tax (including satisfying its 
withholding Tax obligations) levied or imposed on their properties, income 
or assets or otherwise due and payable, except those which are being 
contested in good faith by appropriate actions diligently conducted and for 
which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP.  No Tax 
Lien has been filed, and, to the knowledge of the Parent no written claim 
is being asserted, with respect to any such Tax, assessment, fee or other 
governmental charge, in each case, in the nature of a Tax, which is not 
being contested in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Neither 
Parent nor any Subsidiary thereof is party to any tax sharing agreement.
 
Section 5.13.                          ERISA Compliance.
 
(a)                                 Except as set forth in Schedule 5.14(a) 
or as would not, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be 
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Plan is in compliance 
with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other federal or 
state Laws.
 
(b)                                 (i) No ERISA Event has occurred within 
the five-year period prior to the date on which this representation is made 
or deemed made or to the knowledge of any Loan Party is reasonably expected 
to occur; (ii) no Pension Plan has failed to satisfy the minimum funding 
standards (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of 
ERISA) applicable to such Pension Plan; (iii) none of the Loan Parties or 
any of their respective ERISA Affiliates has incurred, or reasonably 
expects to incur, any liability (and no event has occurred which, with the 
giving of notice under Section 4219 of ERISA, would result in such 
liability) under Sections 4201 et seq. or 4243 of ERISA with respect to a 
Multiemployer Plan; (iv) none of the Loan Parties or any of their 
respective ERISA Affiliates has engaged in a transaction that is subject to 
Sections 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA; and (v) neither any Loan Party nor any 
ERISA Affiliate has been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer Plan 
that such Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization (within the meaning of 
ERISA), insolvent (within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA) or has been 
determined to be in “endangered” or critical status (within the meaning of 
Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA) and no such Multiemployer 
Plan is expected to be in reorganization, insolvent or endangered or 
critical status, except, with respect to each of the foregoing clauses of 
this Section 5.11(b), as would not reasonably be expected, individually or 
in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
83
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 5.14.                          Subsidiaries.  As of the Closing 
Date, no Loan Party has any Subsidiaries other than those specifically 
disclosed in Schedule 5.15, and all of the outstanding Equity Interests in 
the Parent have been validly issued and are fully paid and (if applicable) 
nonassessable, and all Equity Interests owned by any Loan Party are owned 
free and clear of all security interests of any Person (other than the 
Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Lenders).  As of the Closing Date, 
Schedule 5.15(a) sets forth the name and jurisdiction of each Subsidiary, 
and (b) sets forth the ownership of the Parent and any other Subsidiary in 
each Subsidiary, including the percentage of such ownership.
 
Section 5.15.                          Margin Regulations; Investment 
Company Act.  No Loan Party is engaged nor will it engage, principally or 
as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or 
carrying Margin Stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the 
FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin 
Stock, and no proceeds of any Borrowings will be used for any purpose that 
violates Regulation T, U or X issued by the FRB. No Loan Party is required 
to be registered as an “investment company” under the Investment Company 
Act of 1940.
 
Section 5.16.                          Disclosure.  None of the information 
and data furnished in writing by or on behalf of any Loan Party to any 
Agent or any Lender on or before the Closing Date in connection with the 
transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or 
delivered hereunder or any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented 
by other information so furnished) when taken as a whole contains any 
material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary 
to make such information and data (taken as a whole), in the light of the 
circumstances under which it was delivered, not materially misleading; it 
being understood that for purposes of this Section 5.16, such information 
and data shall not include projections and pro forma financial information 
or information of a general economic or general industry nature.
 
Section 5.17.                          Collateral Documents.  The 
Collateral Documents are in full force and effect and create, in favor of 
the Collateral Agent (or as appropriate, the Administrative Agent) for the 
benefit of the Lenders, legal, valid and enforceable liens on and first 
perfected security interests in all rights of the Borrowers, as the case 
may be, in and to the Collateral (to the extent such Liens and security 
interests can be perfected) and all necessary filings have been duly made 
(or will be made on the Closing Date) in all appropriate public offices so 
that upon recordation of such filings, the Liens created by each of the 
Collateral Documents to which any Loan Party is a party will constitute 
perfected Liens on and first perfected security interests in all the rights 
of such Loan Party in and to the Collateral described therein (in each 
case, to the extent such Liens and security interests can be perfected), 
prior and superior to all other Liens, except the Permitted Liens.  As of 
the Closing Date, the recordings, filings and other actions shown on 
Schedule 5.17 attached hereto are all the recordings, filings and other 
actions necessary to perfect the Administrative Agent’s Lien (or as 
appropriate the Collateral Agent’s Lien) on and perfected security interest 
in the rights of the Loan Parties in and to the Collateral (to the extent 
such Liens and security interests can be perfected).
 
Section 5.18.                          Intellectual Property; Licenses. 
etc.  The Parent and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to, or 
a valid license or (to the knowledge of the Parent) right to use, all 
patents, patent rights, trademarks, servicemarks, trade names, copyrights, 
technology,
 
84
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
software, know-how database rights, rights of privacy and publicity, 
licenses and other intellectual property rights (collectively, “
Intellectual Property”) that are necessary for the operation of their 
respective businesses as currently conducted, except where the failure to 
have any such rights, either individually or in the aggregate, would not 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  To the knowledge 
of the Parent, the operation of the respective businesses of the Parent or 
any of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted does not infringe upon, 
misuse, misappropriate or violate any rights held by any Person except for 
such infringements, misuses, misappropriations or violations individually 
or in the aggregate, that would not reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect.  No claim or litigation regarding any Intellectual 
Property is pending or, to the knowledge of the Parent, threatened against 
any Loan Party or Subsidiary, that, either individually or in the 
aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 5.19.                          Insurance.  The Parent and its 
Subsidiaries and the Collateral are insured with insurance companies and in 
amounts that satisfy the requirements of Section 6.07.  All such insurance 
is in full force and effect, all premiums are paid current and no notices 
of termination for any required policy has been received by any Loan Party.
 
Section 5.20.                          Compliance with Laws.
 
(a)                                 Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary 
thereof is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of 
all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or 
to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement 
of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good 
faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted (and each such 
instance as of the Closing Date is set forth on Schedule 5.20(a)) or (b) 
the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, 
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(b)                                 To the knowledge of the Parent, with 
respect to the business of the Parent and its Subsidiaries there are no 
pending appeals, adjustments, audits, inquiries, investigations, 
proceedings, or notices of intent to audit or investigate by any 
Governmental Authority or third-party payer against any Borrower, any of 
their Subsidiaries or any of the Borrower’s or its Subsidiaries’ directors, 
members, employees, officers or managers, its agents or independent 
contractors.
 
Section 5.21.                          Use of Proceeds.  The proceeds of 
the Term Loans shall be used, either directly or indirectly, (i) to finance 
a portion of the purchase price for the ATC Acquisition, (ii) to finance 
the repayment in full of all amounts outstanding under the Existing Loan 
Agreement, (iii) to finance a portion of the purchase price for the 
Thixoforming Acquisition, (iv) to finance the repayment in full of all 
amounts outstanding under the Convertible Note Indebtedness, (v) to pay 
transaction fees and expenses in connection therewith.  The proceeds of the 
Revolving Loans shall be used for working capital and general corporate 
purposes of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries from time to time 
permitted under this Agreement (including Permitted Acquisitions, Capital 
Expenditures and Investments).  The proceeds of the Delayed Draw Term Loans 
shall be used to finance Permitted Acquisitions subject to the terms and 
conditions in this Agreement.
 
85
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 5.22.                          USA PATRIOT Act.  To the extent 
applicable, each of the Parent and its Subsidiaries is in compliance, in 
all material respects, with (i) the Trading with the Enemy Act, and each of 
the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury 
Department (31 CFR Subtitle B, Chapter V) and any other enabling 
legislation or executive order relating thereto and (ii) the USA PATRIOT 
Act.  No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or 
indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, 
political party, official of a political party, candidate for political 
office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, 
retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of 
the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977.
 
Section 5.23.                          Anti-Terrorism.  No Loan Party, nor 
any Affiliate thereof nor any present stockholder thereof appears on any 
list of “Specially Designated Nationals” or known or suspected terrorists 
that has been generated by OFAC, nor is any Loan Party, Affiliate or 
stockholder thereof a citizen or resident of any country that is subject to 
embargo or trade sanctions enforced by OFAC, or otherwise is a Person (i) 
whose property or interest in property is blocked or subject to blocking 
pursuant to Section 1 of Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 
Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, 
Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)), (ii) 
who engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by Section 2 of such 
executive order, or, to its knowledge, is otherwise associated with any 
such person in any manner violative of Section 2, or (iii) subject to the 
limitations or prohibitions under any other OFAC regulation or executive 
order.
 
Section 5.24.                          Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions.  
The Parent and its Subsidiaries have implemented and maintains in effect 
policies and procedures designed to effect compliance in all material 
respects by the Parent, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, 
officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable 
Sanctions, and to the knowledge of the Parent, the Parent, its Subsidiaries 
and their respective officers, employees, directors and agents, in each 
case, when acting on behalf of the Parent or any Subsidiary, are in 
compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all 
material respects.  None of (a) the Parent or any Subsidiary or (b) to the 
knowledge of the Parent, any of their respective directors, officers or 
employees, or any agent of the Parent or any Subsidiary that acts in any 
capacity on behalf of the Parent or any Subsidiary in connection with or 
benefits from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned 
Person.  No Borrowing or Letter of Credit or use of proceeds thereof by the 
Parent or any Subsidiary will, to the knowledge of the Parent, result in a 
violation in any material respect of Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable 
Sanctions by any party hereto.
 
Section 5.25.                          Subordination of Subordinated 
Indebtedness.  The Obligations are “Designated Senior Debt,” “Senior Debt,” 
“Senior Indebtedness” or “Senior Financing” (or any comparable term) under, 
and as defined in, any document governing any applicable Junior Financing 
(including, but not limited to the Subordinated Loan Documents) in respect 
of Indebtedness that is subordinated in right of payment to the 
Obligations.
 
86
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE VI.
 
Affirmative Covenants
 
So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder or any Loan or 
other Obligation hereunder (other than (i) contingent indemnification 
obligations as to which no claim has been asserted and (ii) Obligations 
under Secured Hedge Agreements and Cash Management Obligations) shall 
remain unpaid or unsatisfied, the Borrowers and the Parent shall, and shall 
cause each of the Subsidiaries of the Parent to:
 
Section 6.01.                          Financial Statements.  Deliver to 
the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each Lender 
each of the following and shall take the following actions:
 
(a)                                 (i) as soon as available, but in any 
event within one hundred twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal 
year of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, a copy of the consolidated and 
consolidating balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as of the 
end of such fiscal year and the related consolidated and consolidating 
statements of income, retained earnings or stockholders’ capital and cash 
flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, together 
with related notes thereto and management’s discussion and analysis 
describing results of operations, setting forth in each case in comparative 
form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and 
prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by a report and 
opinion of an independent certified public accounting firm reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (it being agreed that Hein & 
Associates LLP is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), which report 
and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted 
auditing standards and shall not be subject to any “going concern” or like 
qualification or exception (except for such a qualification or exception 
arising solely from the current scheduled maturity of the Loans) or any 
qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit and (ii) (if and 
when available) copies of all management letters prepared by such 
accountants;
 
(b)                                 as soon as available, but in any event 
within fifty (50) days after the end of each of the first three (3) fiscal 
quarters of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, the consolidated and 
consolidating unaudited balance sheet of the Parent and its Subsidiaries as 
of the end of such fiscal quarter and the consolidated and consolidating 
unaudited statements of income and retained earnings (or stockholders’ 
capital) and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal 
quarter and for the portion of the fiscal year then ended, setting forth in 
each case in comparative form the current Projections and cumulative 
figures for the previous period (previous comparable fiscal quarter and 
previous comparable fiscal year to date) together with a report on the 
Parent’s operating statistics in a form reasonably satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent, all in reasonable detail and certified by a 
Responsible Officer of the Parent as fairly presenting in all material 
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of 
the Parent and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (subject to normal 
year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes), together with 
management’s discussion and analysis describing results of operations;
 
(c)                                  as soon as available, but in any event 
within thirty (30) days after the end of each of the first two (2) months 
of each fiscal quarter of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, the
 
87
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
consolidated and consolidating unaudited balance sheet of the Parent and 
its Subsidiaries as of the end of such month and the consolidated and 
consolidating unaudited statements of income and retained earnings (or 
stockholders’ capital) and cash flows of the Parent and its Subsidiaries 
for such month and for the portion of the fiscal year then ended, setting 
forth in each case in comparative form the current Projections and 
cumulative figures for the previous period (previous comparable month and 
previous comparable fiscal year to date) together with a report on the 
Parent’s operating statistics in a form reasonably satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent, all in reasonable detail and certified by a 
Responsible Officer of the Parent as fairly presenting in all material 
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of 
the Parent and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (subject to normal 
year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes);
 
(d)                                 within thirty (30) days after the 
beginning of each fiscal year, a reasonably detailed monthly consolidated 
budget of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year (including 
forecasted balance sheets, statements of income and loss and cash flows and 
setting forth the material underlying assumptions applicable thereto) 
(collectively, the “Projections”), which Projections shall in each case be 
accompanied by a certificate of a Responsible Officer stating that such 
Projections have been prepared in good faith on the basis of the 
assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were believed to be 
reasonable at the time of preparation of such Projections, it being 
understood that projections as to future events are not to be viewed as 
facts, are subject to certain inherent uncertainties, that actual results 
may vary from such Projections and that such variations may be material; 
and
 
(e)                                  at a time mutually agreed with the 
Administrative Agent that is reasonably promptly after the delivery of the 
information required pursuant to clause (a) above, participate in a 
conference call for Lenders to discuss the financial condition and results 
of operations of the Parent and its Subsidiaries for the most 
recently-ended fiscal year for which financial statements have been 
delivered.
 
All financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Sections 
6.01(a), 6.01(b) and 6.01(c) shall be prepared in reasonable detail and in 
accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected 
therein (except for changes approved by the Administrative Agent or 
required by the independent certified public accountants certifying such 
statements and disclosed therein).
 
Section 6.02.                          Certificates; Other Information.  
Deliver to the Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to each 
Lender:
 
(a)                                 concurrently with the delivery of the 
financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b), a duly 
completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the 
Parent;
 
(b)                                 promptly after the filing thereof, the 
“Annual Returns” (Form 5500 series) and attachments filed annually with the 
Internal Revenue Service with respect to each Single Employer Plan, if any, 
of the Loan Parties;
 
88
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)                                  with respect to any Single Employer 
Plan adopted or amended by the Parent on or after the Closing Date, any 
determination letters received from the Internal Revenue Service with 
respect to the qualification of such Single Employer Plan, as initially 
adopted or amended under Section 401(a) of the Code
 
(d)                                 promptly, such additional information 
regarding the business, legal, financial or corporate affairs of any Loan 
Party or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan 
Documents, as the Administrative Agent may from time to time on its own 
behalf or on behalf of any Lender reasonably request;
 
(e)                                  promptly, and in any event with five 
(5) Business Days after the receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any 
Subsidiary thereof, copies of each notice or other correspondence received 
from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) 
concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by 
such agency regarding financial or other operational results of any Loan 
Party or any Subsidiary thereof; and
 
(f)                                   promptly, and in any event with five 
(5) Business Days after the receipt thereof by any Loan Party or any 
Subsidiary thereof, copies of each material notice or other material 
correspondence pursuant to the Subordinated Debt, the Subordinated Loan 
Documents or any of the transactions contemplated thereby.
 
Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a), (b) or (c) 
may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to 
have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Parent posts such 
documents, or provides a link thereto on the Parent’s website on the 
Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02, or (ii) on which 
such documents are posted on the Parent’s behalf on IntraLinks/IntraAgency 
or another relevant website, if any, to which each Lender and the 
Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website 
or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that:  (i) upon 
written request by the Administrative Agent, the Parent shall deliver paper 
copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent for further 
distribution to each Lender until a written request to cease delivering 
paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Parent shall 
notify (which may be by facsimile or electronic mail) the Administrative 
Agent of the posting of any such documents and provide to the 
Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft 
copies) of such documents.  Each Lender shall be solely responsible for 
timely accessing posted documents or requesting delivery of paper copies of 
such documents from the Administrative Agent and maintaining its copies of 
such documents.
 
The Parent hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the 
Arranger will make available to the Lenders materials and/or information 
provided by or on behalf of the Borrowers hereunder (collectively, “
Borrower Materials”) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or 
another similar electronic system (the “Platform”) and (b) certain of the 
Lenders (each, a “Public Lender”) may have personnel who  do not wish to 
receive material non-public information with respect to the Parent or its 
Subsidiaries, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who 
may be engaged in investment and other market-related activities with 
respect to such Persons’ securities.  The Parent hereby agrees that (w) all 
Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be 
clearly and conspicuously marked “PUBLIC” which, at a minimum; shall mean 
that the word “PUBLIC”
 
89
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower 
Materials “PUBLIC,” the Parent and the Borrowers shall be deemed to have 
authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders to treat 
such Borrower Materials as not containing any material non-public 
information with respect to the Borrowers or their securities for purposes 
of United States Federal and state securities laws provided, however, that 
to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be 
treated as set forth in Section 10.08); (y) all Borrower Materials marked 
“PUBLIC” are permitted to be made available through a portion of the 
Platform designated “Public Side Information”; and (z) the Administrative 
Agent and the Arranger shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials 
that are not marked “PUBLIC” as being suitable only for posting on a 
portion of the Platform not designated “Public Side Information”.
 
Section 6.03.                          Notices.  Promptly after a 
Responsible Officer obtains knowledge thereof, give written notice to the 
Administrative Agent for prompt further distribution to the Lenders:
 
(a)                                 of the occurrence of any Default or 
Event of Default;
 
(b)                                 of (i) any substantial dispute, 
litigation, investigation of which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary has 
knowledge or proceeding between any Loan Party or any Subsidiary and any 
arbitrator or Governmental Authority, (ii) the filing or commencement of, 
or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting any 
Loan Party or any Subsidiary, including pursuant to any applicable 
Environmental Laws or in respect of Intellectual Property or rights with 
respect thereto, in which the amount in controversy is alleged to be 
$500,000 or more or in which injunctive or similar relief is sought, or 
(iii) any noncompliance by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries with, 
or liability under, any Environmental Law, Environmental Permit or other 
permit except, in the case of clause (iii) only, as would not be expected, 
individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
 
(c)                                  of the following events, as soon as 
possible and in any event within thirty (30) days after any Loan Party 
knows or has reason to know thereof:  (i) the occurrence or imminent 
occurrence of any Reportable Event with respect to any Plan, (ii) the 
institution of proceedings or the taking or imminent taking of any other 
action by PBGC, the Parent or any Subsidiary to terminate, withdraw or 
partially withdraw from any Plan, or (iii) the reorganization or insolvency 
of any Multiemployer Plan, and, in addition to such notice, deliver to the 
Administrative Agent whichever of the following may be applicable:  (A) a 
certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Parent setting forth details as 
to such Reportable Event and the action that the such Borrower proposes to 
take with respect thereto, together with a copy of any notice of such 
Reportable Event that may be required to be filed with PBGC, or (B) any 
notice delivered by PBGC evidencing its intent to institute such 
proceedings or any notice to PBGC that such Plan is to be terminated, or 
(C) any notice of the reorganization or insolvency of a Multiemployer Plan 
received by the Parent or any Subsidiary;
 
(d)                                 of any loss or damage to the Collateral 
in excess of $750,000;
 
(e)                                  of any litigation, investigation or 
proceeding affecting the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries which if 
adversely determined could reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect;
 
90
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(f)            of each Material Contract, or material modification, 
amendment or renewal of any Material Contract entered into by the Parent or 
any Subsidiary promptly upon the execution and delivery thereof (together 
with a copy of such Material Contract or such modification, amendment or 
renewal);
 
(g)           of any other event, circumstance or situation (or series 
thereof), including, if applicable, any breach or default by the Parent or 
any Subsidiary under any Material Contract, that has resulted in or could 
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
 
(h)           of the occurrence of any default or event of default under 
the Subordinated Loan Documents.
 
Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be accompanied by a written 
statement of a Responsible Officer of the Parent (x) identifying the clause 
of this Section 6.03 which such notice is being delivered pursuant to (as 
applicable) and (y) setting forth details of the occurrence referred to 
therein and stating what action the Parent has taken and proposes to take 
with respect thereto.
 
Section 6.04.         Payment of Obligations.  (a) Timely pay, discharge or 
otherwise satisfy, as the same shall become due and payable, all of its 
obligations and liabilities in respect of Taxes, assessments and 
governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its income or 
profits or in respect of its property, except, in each case, to the extent 
(i) any such Tax, assessment, charge or levy is being contested in good 
faith and by appropriate actions for which appropriate reserves have been 
established in accordance with GAAP for so long as the enforcement of such 
contested items is stayed or (ii) the failure to pay or discharge the same 
would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have 
a Material Adverse Effect;
 
(b)           Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or 
before they become delinquent, all of its Indebtedness and other material 
obligations (including obligations under Material Contracts) of whatever 
nature (subject to applicable subordination provisions); except in each 
case to the extent that (i) any such Indebtedness or obligations are being 
contested in good faith and adequate reserves with respect thereto have 
been established in accordance with GAAP or (ii) the failure to pay or 
discharge the same would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the 
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 6.05.         Preservation of Existence, etc.  (a) Preserve, renew 
and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence under the Laws of 
the jurisdiction of its organization, except pursuant to any merger, 
consolidation, liquidation, dissolution or Disposition permitted pursuant 
to Article VII.
 
(b)           Take all reasonable action to obtain, preserve, renew and 
keep in full force and effect its rights, licenses, permits, privileges, 
franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names material to the 
conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so would 
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect.
 
Section 6.06.         Maintenance of Properties.  Except if the failure to 
do so would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the 
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect,
 
91
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment 
used in the operation of its business in good working order, repair and 
condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and casualty or condemnation 
excepted.
 
Section 6.07.         Maintenance of Insurance.
 
(a)           Maintain with financially sound and reputable carriers having 
a financial strength rating of at least A- by A.M.  Best Company (a) 
insurance in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) and against such 
risks (including property; theft; business interruption; and general 
liability) and such other hazards, as is customarily maintained by 
companies of established repute engaged in the same or similar businesses 
operating in the same or similar locations and (b) all insurance required 
pursuant to the Collateral Documents.  The Parent and the Borrowers will 
furnish to the Lenders, upon request of any Agent, information in 
reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained.
 
(b)           All proceeds under each property, theft and general liability 
policy shall be payable to the Collateral Agent.  From time to time upon 
request, the Borrowers shall deliver to the Collateral Agent, upon request 
of any Agent, copies of its insurance policies and updated flood plain 
searches.  Unless the Administrative Agent shall agree otherwise, each 
property and general liability policy shall include satisfactory 
endorsements (i) showing the Collateral Agent as lender loss payee or 
additional insured, as appropriate and (ii) requiring 30 days prior written 
notice to the Collateral Agent in the event of cancellation of the policy 
for any reason whatsoever.  If the Borrowers or any Subsidiary fails to 
provide and pay for any insurance, the Collateral Agent may, at its option, 
but shall not be required to, procure the insurance and charge the 
Borrowers therefor.  The Borrowers agree to deliver to Agent, promptly as 
rendered, copies of all reports made to insurance companies.  While no 
payment Event of Default exists, the Loan Parties may settle, adjust or 
compromise any insurance claim, as long as the proceeds are delivered to 
the Administrative Agent to the extent required under Section 2.03(b)(vi).  
If any Event of Default exists, the Collateral Agent shall be authorized to 
settle, adjust and compromise such claims.
 
Section 6.08.         Compliance with Laws and Organization Documents.
 
(a)           Comply in all material respects with its Organization 
Documents and the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, 
injunctions and decrees of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or 
to its business or property, and obtain and maintain all Governmental 
Approvals as shall now or hereafter be necessary under all Applicable Laws 
except if the failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected 
individually or in the aggregate to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
(b)           Maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures 
designed to effect compliance in all material respects by the Parent, its 
Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents 
with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
 
Section 6.09.         Books and Records.  Maintain proper books of record 
and account, in which entries that are full, true and correct in all 
material respects and are in conformity with
 
92
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
GAAP shall be made of all material financial transactions and matters 
involving the material assets and business of the Parent or a Subsidiary, 
as the case may be.
 
Section 6.10.         Inspection Rights.  Permit representatives and 
independent contractors of any Agent or Lender to visit and inspect any of 
its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, 
and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom and to discuss its affairs, 
finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public 
accountants (subject to such accountants’ customary policies and 
procedures), all at the reasonable expense of the Borrowers and at such 
reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be 
reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrowers; 
provided that, excluding any such visits and inspections during the 
continuation of an Event of Default, no Agent or Lender shall exercise 
inspection rights under this Section 6.10  more often than two (2) times 
during any calendar year; provided, further, that when an Event of Default 
exists, any Agent or Lender (or any of their respective representatives or 
independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the 
Borrowers at any time during normal business hours and upon reasonable 
advance notice.  So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall give the Parent 
the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Parent’s 
independent public accountants.
 
Section 6.11.         Covenant to Guarantee Obligations and Give Security.  
At the Borrowers’ expense, subject to the provisions of the Collateral and 
Guarantee Requirement and any applicable limitation in any Collateral 
Document, take all action necessary or reasonably requested by the 
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to ensure that the Collateral 
and Guarantee Requirement is and continues to be satisfied, including:
 
(a)           (x) upon the formation or acquisition of any new direct or 
indirect Domestic Subsidiary by any Loan Party, or any Subsidiary becoming 
a Domestic Subsidiary (other than any Domestic Subsidiaries that are direct 
or indirect Subsidiaries of a Foreign Subsidiary that is a CFC), (y) upon 
the acquisition of any material assets by any Borrower or any other Loan 
Party of the types required to be included in Collateral or (z) with 
respect to any Subsidiary at the time it becomes a Loan Party, for any 
material assets held by such Subsidiary of the types required to be 
included in Collateral (in each case, other than assets constituting 
Collateral under a Collateral Document that becomes subject to the Lien 
created by such Collateral Document upon acquisition thereof (without 
limitation of the obligations to perfect such Lien)):
 
    (i)            within thirty (30) days (or ninety (90) days in respect
    of Mortgages and other actions with respect to Material Real Property)
    after such formation, acquisition or designation or, in each case, such
    longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable
    discretion:
     
        (A)          cause each such Domestic Subsidiary that is required
        to become a Guarantor under the Collateral and Guarantee
        Requirement to furnish to the Collateral Agent a description of the
        Material Real Properties or other material assets required to be
        included in Collateral owned by such Domestic Subsidiary in detail
        reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent;
 
93
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (B)          except as provided in Section 6.11(b) below, cause
        each such Domestic Subsidiary that is required to become a
        Guarantor pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement to
        duly execute and deliver to the Collateral Agent Mortgages with
        respect to any Material Real Property, Guarantee and Collateral
        Agreement Supplements and other security agreements and documents
        (including, with respect to Mortgages, the documents listed in
        Section 6.13(b)), as reasonably requested by and in form and
        substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, in each
        case granting Liens required by the Collateral and Guarantee
        Requirement;
         
        (C)          cause each such Domestic Subsidiary that is required
        to become a Guarantor pursuant to the Collateral and Guarantee
        Requirement to deliver a Perfection Certificate in form and
        substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent, and to
        deliver any and all certificates representing Equity Interests (to
        the extent certificated) that are required to be pledged pursuant
        to the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement, accompanied by undated
        stock powers or other appropriate instruments of transfer executed
        in blank (or any other documents customary under local law) and
        instruments evidencing the intercompany Indebtedness held by such
        Domestic Subsidiary and required to be pledged pursuant to the
        Collateral Documents, indorsed in blank to the Collateral Agent;
        and
         
        (D)          except as provided in Section 6.11(b) below, take and
        cause the applicable Domestic Subsidiary and each direct or
        indirect parent of such applicable Domestic Subsidiary that is
        required to become a Guarantor pursuant to the Collateral and
        Guarantee Requirement to take whatever action (including the
        recording of Mortgages, the filing of Uniform Commercial Code
        financing statements, execution of Deposit Account Control
        Agreements and Securities Account Control Agreements and delivery
        of stock and membership interest certificates to the extent
        certificated) that may be necessary in the reasonable opinion of
        the Administrative Agent to vest in the Collateral Agent (or in any
        representative of the Collateral Agent designated by it) valid
        Liens required by the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement,
        enforceable against all third parties in accordance with their
        terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by Debtor
        Relief Laws and by general principles of equity (regardless of
        whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law);
         
    (ii)           except as provided in Section 6.11(b) below, within
    forty-five (45) days after the request therefor by the Administrative
    Agent (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent may agree in
    its reasonable discretion), deliver to the Administrative Agent a
    signed copy of an opinion, addressed to the Administrative Agent and
    the other Secured Parties, of counsel for the Loan Parties reasonably
    acceptable to the Administrative Agent as to such matters set forth in
    this Section 6.11(a) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably
    request, and
     
    (iii)          as promptly as practicable after the reasonable request
    therefor by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, deliver to
    the Collateral Agent with respect to
 
94
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    each Material Real Property, title reports, surveys and environmental
    assessment reports provided that the Collateral Agent may in its
    reasonable discretion accept any such existing title report, survey or
    environmental assessment report to the extent prepared as of a date
    reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent; and
 
(b)           within 30 days after the Closing Date, with respect to each 
Material Real Property that is owned by the Loan Parties on the date 
hereof, and within 90 days after the acquisition of any Material Real 
Property by any Loan Party, if such Material Real Property shall not 
already be subject to a perfected Lien pursuant to the Collateral and 
Guarantee Requirement, the Borrowers shall take, or cause the relevant Loan 
Party to take, the actions referred to in Section 6.13(b).  Promptly upon 
the acquisition of any Material Real Property by any Loan Party, the Parent 
shall give notice of such acquisition to the Collateral Agent.
 
Section 6.12.         Compliance with Environmental Laws.  Except, in each 
case, to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be 
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse 
Effect, (a) comply, and take all reasonable actions to cause any lessees 
and other Persons operating or occupying its properties to comply with all 
applicable Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits; (b) obtain and 
renew all Environmental Permits necessary for its operations and 
properties; and, (c) in each case to the extent required by applicable 
Environmental Laws, conduct any investigation, including such study, 
sampling or testing, and undertake any cleanup, removal, remedial or other 
action necessary to address all Hazardous Materials on any of its 
properties, in accordance with the requirements of applicable Environmental 
Laws.
 
Section 6.13.         Further Assurances.  Subject to the provisions of the 
Collateral and Guarantee Requirement and any applicable limitations in any 
Collateral Document and in each case at the expense of the Loan Parties:
 
(a)           Promptly upon reasonable request by the Administrative Agent 
or the Collateral Agent or as may be required by applicable law (i) correct 
any material defect or error that may be discovered in the execution, 
acknowledgment, filing or recordation of any Collateral Document or other 
document or instrument relating to any Collateral, and (ii) do, execute, 
acknowledge, deliver, record, re-record, file, re-file, register and 
re-register any and all such further acts, deeds, certificates, assurances 
and other instruments as the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may 
reasonably request from time to time in order to carry out more effectively 
the purposes of the Collateral Documents.
 
(b)           In the case of any Material Real Property, provide the 
Collateral Agent with Mortgages with respect to such owned real property 
within ninety (90) days (or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may 
agree in its sole discretion) of the acquisition of, or, if requested by 
the Collateral Agent, entry into, or renewal of, a ground lease in respect 
of, such real property in each case together with:
 
    (i)            evidence that counterparts of the Mortgages have been
    duly executed, acknowledged and delivered and are in form suitable for
    filing or recording in all filing or recording offices that the
    Collateral Agent may deem reasonably necessary or desirable in order to
    create a valid and perfected Lien on the property and/or rights
    described therein
 
95
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties
    and that all filing and recording taxes and fees have been paid or
    otherwise provided for in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the
    Collateral Agent;
 
    (ii)           fully paid American Land Title Association Lender’s
    Extended Coverage title insurance policies or the equivalent or other
    form available in each applicable jurisdiction (the “Mortgage Policies
    ”) in form and substance, with endorsements available in the applicable
    jurisdiction and in amount, reasonably acceptable to the Collateral
    Agent (not to exceed the value of the real properties covered thereby),
    issued, coinsured and reinsured by title insurers reasonably acceptable
    to the Collateral Agent, insuring the Mortgages to be valid subsisting
    Liens on the property described therein, subject only to Liens
    permitted by Section 7.01, and providing for such other affirmative
    insurance and such coinsurance and direct access reinsurance as the
    Collateral Agent may reasonably request and is available in the
    applicable jurisdiction;
     
    (iii)          opinions of local counsel for the Loan Parties in states
    in which the real properties are located, with respect to the
    enforceability and perfection of the Mortgages and any related fixture
    filings in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the
    Administrative Agent;
     
    (iv)          flood zone certificates with respect to the applicable
    Mortgaged Property; and
     
    (v)           such other evidence that all other actions that the
    Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may reasonably deem necessary
    or desirable in order to create valid Liens on the property described
    in the Mortgages has been taken.
     
Section 6.14.         Landlord Agreements; Bailee Letters.
 
(a)           Within the period specified on Schedule 6.17, with respect to 
Specified Leased Properties leased on or before the Closing Date, and 
within 30 days after any Borrower or any Subsidiary enters into any lease 
with respect to a Specified Leased Property leased after the Closing Date, 
the Borrowers shall deliver to the Collateral Agent a Landlord Agreement 
with respect to such Specified Leased Property.
 
(b)           Within 10 days after any Borrower commences storing material 
books and records or inventory at any location other than a Specified 
Leased Property or owned real property (or, if later, on or before the date 
specified on Schedule 6.17), the Borrowers shall deliver to the Collateral 
Agent a bailee letter, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the 
Collateral Agent, relating to such location.
 
Section 6.15.         Employee Plans.  For each pension, profit-sharing and 
stock bonus Plan adopted by the Parent or any Subsidiary that is intended 
to be a qualified Plan within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Tax 
Code, (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to seek and receive 
determination letters from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that 
such Plan is qualified within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Tax 
Code; and (b) from and after the date of adoption of any pension, 
profit-sharing and stock bonus Plan, cause such Plan to be qualified within 
the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Tax Code and to be administered in all 
material
 
96
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
respects in accordance with the requirements of ERISA and Section 401(a) of 
the Tax Code, except to the extent any such failure to comply with this 
clause (b) would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect.
 
Section 6.16.         Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions.  The Parent will 
maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to effect 
compliance in all material respects by the Parent, its Subsidiaries and 
their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with 
Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.
 
Section 6.17.         Post-Closing Actions.  Each of the Loan Parties shall 
satisfy the requirements set forth in Schedule 6.17 on or before the date 
specified for such requirement or such later date to be determined by the 
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.
 
ARTICLE VII.
 
Negative Covenants
 
So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder or any Loan or 
other Obligation hereunder (other than (i) contingent indemnification 
obligations as to which no claim has been asserted and (ii) Obligations 
under Secured Hedge Agreements and Cash Management Obligations) shall 
remain unpaid or unsatisfied, the Parent and the Borrowers shall not, nor 
shall the Parent or Borrowers permit any of the Subsidiaries to:
 
Section 7.01.         Liens.  Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any 
Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or 
hereafter acquired, other than the following:
 
(a)           Liens created pursuant to any Loan Document;
 
(b)           Liens existing on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 
7.01(b);
 
(c)           Liens for taxes, assessments or governmental charges that are 
not overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days or that are being 
contested in good faith and by appropriate actions for which appropriate 
reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP;
 
(d)           statutory or common law Liens of landlords, carriers, 
warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen, repairmen, construction contractors 
or other like Liens, or other customary Liens (other than in respect of 
Indebtedness) in favor of landlords, or other Liens imposed by Law so long 
as, in each case, such Liens arise in the ordinary course of business for 
sums not yet delinquent or that are being contested in good faith and by 
appropriate actions, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are 
maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP;
 
(e)           (i) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in 
connection with workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance and other 
social security legislation and (ii) pledges and deposits in the ordinary 
course of business securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification 
obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or 
bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, 
casualty or liability insurance to the Borrowers or any of their 
Subsidiaries;
 
97
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(f)            deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, 
governmental contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness for borrowed 
money), statutory obligations, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, 
performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including those 
to secure health, safety and environmental obligations) incurred in the 
ordinary course of business;
 
(g)           easements, rights-of-way, restrictions (including zoning 
restrictions), encroachments, protrusions and other similar encumbrances 
and title defects affecting real property that, in the aggregate, do not in 
any case materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of 
the Parent and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or the use of the 
property for its intended purpose, and any other exceptions to title on the 
Mortgage Policies accepted by the Collateral Agent in accordance with this 
Agreement;
 
(h)           Liens arising from judgments or orders for the payment of 
money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h);
 
(i)            Liens securing obligations in respect of Indebtedness 
permitted under Section 7.03(f); provided that (i) such Liens attach 
concurrently with or within one hundred and eighty (180) days after 
completion of the acquisition, construction, repair, replacement or 
improvement (as applicable) of the property subject to such Liens, (ii) 
such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property 
financed by such Indebtedness, replacements thereof and additions and 
accessions to such property and the proceeds and the products thereof and 
customary security deposits and (iii) such Liens do not at any time extend 
to or cover any assets (except for additions and accessions to such assets, 
replacements and products thereof and customary security deposits) other 
than the assets subject to, or acquired, constructed, repaired, replaced or 
improved with the proceeds of such Indebtedness; provided that individual 
financings of equipment provided by one lender may be cross collateralized 
to other financings of equipment provided by such lender;
 
(j)            Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-208 
of the Uniform Commercial Code on the items in the course of collection, 
(ii) attaching to commodity trading accounts or other commodities brokerage 
accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for 
speculative purposes and (iii) in favor of a banking or other financial 
institution arising as a matter of law encumbering deposits or other funds 
maintained with a financial institution (including the right of setoff) and 
that are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry;
 
(k)           any interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, licensor or 
sublicensor or secured by a lessor’s, sublessor’s, licensor’s or 
sublicensor’s interest under leases (other than Capitalized Leases) or 
licenses entered into by a Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the 
ordinary course of business;
 
(l)            Liens that are customary contractual rights of setoff 
relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks or other 
deposit-taking financial institutions in the ordinary course and not given 
in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness;
 
98
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(m)          Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the 
Borrowers or any of their respective Subsidiaries in connection with any 
letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted hereunder;
 
(n)           ground leases in respect of real property on which facilities 
owned or leased by any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries are located;
 
(o)           purported Liens evidenced by the filing of precautionary 
Uniform Commercial Code financing statements or similar public filings;
 
(p)           any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in 
any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of any real 
property that does not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of 
the business of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;
 
(q)           the modification, replacement, renewal or extension of any 
Lien permitted by clauses (b) and (i) of this Section 7.01 provided that 
(i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property other than (A) 
after-acquired property that is affixed to or incorporated into the 
property covered by such Lien, and (B) proceeds and products thereof, and 
(ii) the renewal, extension or refinancing of the obligations secured or 
benefited by such Liens is permitted by Section 7.03;
 
(r)            deposits of cash with the owner or lessor of premises leased 
and operated by any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary 
course of business of such Borrower or such Subsidiary to secure the 
performance of such Borrower’s or such Subsidiary’s obligations under the 
terms of the lease for such premises;
 
(s)            non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses of intellectual 
property rights granted by the Loan Parties (other than the Parent) in the 
ordinary course of business;
 
(t)            any Lien required by Section 6.17 to be removed after the 
Effective Date, but only until the date on which such Lien is required to 
be removed; and
 
(u)           non-consensual Liens not referred to above on any property of 
the Loan Parties, not securing any Indebtedness for borrowed money; 
provided, however, that the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all 
such Indebtedness and other liabilities secured by such Liens shall not 
exceed $750,000 at any time.
 
Section 7.02.         Investments.  Make or hold any Investments, except:
 
(a)           Investments by the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries in 
assets that are Cash Equivalents;
 
(b)           loans or advances to officers, managers and employees of the 
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries for reasonable and customary 
business-related travel, entertainment, relocation and similar bona fide 
business purposes not to exceed $250,000 at any one time outstanding;
 
(c)           Investments permitted pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
7.01, 7.03 (including Investments in Swap Contracts permitted under Section 
7.03), 7.04 or 7.05 (including
 
99
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Investments in the form of non-cash consideration in connection with any 
Disposition permitted under Section 7.05), respectively;
 
(d)           Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of 
Uniform Commercial Code Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit 
and Article 4 customary trade arrangements with customers consistent with 
past practices;
 
(e)           advances of payroll payments to employees in the ordinary 
course of business; provided that such advances shall not exceed $250,000 
at any time;
 
(f)            Guarantees (including deposits to secure and support the 
foregoing) by the Borrowers or any of their respective Subsidiaries of 
leases (other than Capitalized Leases) or of other obligations that do not 
constitute Indebtedness, in each case entered into in the ordinary course 
of business;
 
(g)           Investments existing on the Closing Date and set forth on 
Schedule 7.02 hereto;
 
(h)           Investments by any Loan Party (other than the Parent) 
constituting Permitted Acquisitions and deposits of earnest money paid in 
connection with Permitted Acquisitions;
 
(i)            Investments in, loans and advances to, and Guarantees of the 
obligations or indebtedness of (i) a Borrower or any other Loan Party 
(other than the Parent) made by a Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than 
the Parent), and (ii) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party made by any 
other Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party;
 
(j)            the creation and capitalization of Loan Parties that are 
Domestic Subsidiaries so long as the terms and conditions set forth in 
Sections 6.11 and 6.13 are satisfied;
 
(k)           (i) intercompany Indebtedness to the extent permitted under 
Section 7.03 and (ii) Investments among (x) the Borrowers and the other 
Loan Parties (other than the Parent) and (y) the Loan Parties and any 
Subsidiaries of a Borrower that are not Loan Parties, in an aggregate 
principal amount not to exceed $250,000 at any time outstanding in the case 
of this clause (y), in each case incurred in the ordinary course of 
business;
 
(l)            the ATC Acquisition;
 
(m)          the Thixoforming Acquisition; and
 
(n)           other Investments that do not exceed $500,000 in the 
aggregate at any time outstanding.
 
Section 7.03.         Indebtedness.  Create, incur, assume or suffer to 
exist any Indebtedness or issue any Disqualified Equity Interest, other 
than:
 
(a)           Indebtedness under the Loan Documents;
 
(b)           Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date set forth on 
Schedule 7.03 and any Permitted Refinancing thereof; and
 
100
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)           unsecured intercompany Indebtedness among (i) the Parent and 
the other Loan Parties and (ii) the Loan Parties and any Subsidiaries of 
the Parent that are not Loan Parties, in an aggregate principal amount not 
to exceed $500,000 at any time outstanding to such Subsidiaries that are 
not Loan Parties; provided that all such Indebtedness of any Loan Party to 
a Person that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to the Intercompany 
Subordination Agreement;
 
(d)           Guarantees by the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries in respect 
of Indebtedness of any Loan Party otherwise permitted hereunder (except 
that a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may not, by virtue of this 
Section 7.03(d), Guarantee Indebtedness that such Subsidiary could not 
otherwise incur under this Section 7.03); provided that if the Indebtedness 
being Guaranteed is subordinated to the Obligations, such Guarantee shall 
be subordinated to the Guaranty on terms at least as favorable to the 
Lenders as those contained in the subordination of such Indebtedness;
 
(e)           Indebtedness of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries owing 
to any Borrower or any other of its Subsidiaries to the extent constituting 
an Investment permitted by Section 7.02; provided that all such 
Indebtedness of any Loan Party owed to any Person that is not a Loan Party 
shall be subject to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement;
 
(f)            (i) Capitalized Leases and purchase money obligations of the 
Borrowers and their Subsidiaries financing the acquisition, construction, 
repair, replacement or improvement of fixed or capital assets; provided 
that such Indebtedness is incurred concurrently with or within one hundred 
and eighty (180) days after the applicable acquisition, construction, 
repair, replacement or improvement and (ii) Attributable Indebtedness 
arising out of sale-leaseback transactions, and, in each case, any 
Permitted Refinancing thereof; provided that the aggregate principal amount 
of Indebtedness at any one time outstanding incurred pursuant to this 
clause (f) shall not exceed $6,500,000;
 
(g)           Indebtedness in respect of Swap Contracts designed to hedge 
against the Borrowers’ or any of their respective Subsidiaries’ exposure to 
interest rates, foreign exchange rates or commodities pricing risks 
incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative 
purposes;
 
(h)           Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees 
of the Parent and its Subsidiaries incurred in the ordinary course of 
business;
 
(i)            Indebtedness to current or former officers, directors, 
managers and employees, their respective estates, spouses or former spouses 
to finance the simultaneous purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of 
the Parent permitted by Section 7.06;
 
(j)            Cash Management Obligations and other Indebtedness of the 
Borrowers and their Subsidiaries in respect of netting services, automatic 
clearinghouse arrangements, overdraft protections, employee credit card 
programs and other cash management and similar arrangements in the ordinary 
course of business;
 
(k)           Indebtedness incurred by the Parent or any of their 
Subsidiaries in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees, bankers’ 
acceptances, warehouse receipts or similar instruments issued or created in 
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in respect of 
workers compensation claims, health, disability or other employee benefits 
or property,
 
101
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness 
with respect to reimbursement-type obligations regarding workers 
compensation claims;
 
(l)            obligations in respect of performance, bid, appeal and 
surety bonds and performance and completion guarantees and similar 
obligations provided by the Borrowers or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries or obligations in respect of letters of credit, bank 
guarantees or similar instruments related thereto, in each case in the 
ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice;
 
(m)          Indebtedness for customary indemnification, adjustment of 
purchase price or similar customary obligations of the Borrowers or any of 
their respective Subsidiaries arising under any documents relating to any 
Permitted Acquisition;
 
(n)           Indebtedness consisting of judgments or orders for the 
payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 
8.01(h);
 
(o)           Indebtedness in respect of taxes, assessments or governmental 
charges that are not overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days or 
that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate actions for which 
appropriate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP;
 
(p)           accretion or amortization of original issue discount and 
accretion of interest paid in kind, in each case in respect of Indebtedness 
otherwise permitted by this Section 7.03;
 
(q)           unsecured Indebtedness (including “earn-out” obligations and 
Indebtedness to the seller) incurred by the Borrowers in connection with a 
Permitted Acquisition, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500,000 at any 
time outstanding, provided that, (a) the terms and conditions of such 
Indebtedness are reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, and 
such Indebtedness is subject to a subordination agreement reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and (b) after giving effect to 
such Permitted Acquisition and the incurrence of such Indebtedness, the 
Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio is lower than that required under Section 
7.14 by at least 0.25:1.00;
 
(r)            other Indebtedness of the Borrowers and their respective 
Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not 
to exceed $500,000; and
 
(s)            Indebtedness under the Subordinated Loan Documents in an 
aggregate principal amount not to exceed $23,000,000, but only if 
effectively subordinated to the Obligations pursuant to the terms of the 
Subordination Agreement.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Subsidiary that is a Non-Loan Party will 
guarantee any Indebtedness for borrowed money of a Loan Party unless such 
Subsidiary first becomes a Guarantor.
 
Section 7.04.         Fundamental Changes.  Merge, dissolve, liquidate, 
consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one 
transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its 
assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any 
Person, except that:
 
102
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(a)           any Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with a Borrower; 
provided that (x) such Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving 
Person, and (y) such merger or consolidation does not result in such 
Borrower ceasing to be organized under the Laws of the United States or any 
state thereof;
 
(b)           (i) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may merge or 
consolidate with or into any other Subsidiary of a Borrower that is not a 
Loan Party, (ii) any Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with or into any 
Loan Party (other than the Parent) so long as a Loan Party is the surviving 
Person and (iii) any Subsidiary may liquidate or dissolve or change its 
legal form if the Parent determines in good faith that such action is in 
the best interests of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries and is not 
materially disadvantageous to the Lenders and the Person who receives the 
assets of any dissolving or liquidating Subsidiary that is a Guarantor 
shall be a Loan Party, provided that no Event of Default shall result 
therefrom;
 
(c)           any Subsidiary may Dispose of all or substantially all of its 
assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to a Borrower or a Loan 
Party (other than the Parent);
 
(d)           so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or would 
result therefrom, any Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with any other 
Person in order to effect an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 7.02 
(other than Section 7.02(c)); provided that the continuing or surviving 
Person shall be a Borrower or a Subsidiary, which, together with each of 
its Subsidiaries, shall have complied with the applicable requirements of 
Section 6.11 and, if a Loan Party is a party to such merger or 
consolidation, a Loan Party shall be continuing or surviving Person; and
 
(e)           so long as no Default or Event of Default exists or would 
result therefrom, a merger, dissolution, liquidation, consolidation or 
Disposition, the purpose of which is to effect a Disposition permitted 
pursuant to Section 7.05 (other than Section 7.05(e)).
 
Section 7.05.         Dispositions.  Make any Disposition or enter into any 
agreement to make any Disposition, except:
 
(a)           Dispositions of obsolete, worn out, used or surplus property, 
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business 
and Dispositions of property no longer used or useful in the conduct of the 
business of the Parent and its Subsidiaries;
 
(b)           Dispositions of inventory and goods held for sale in the 
ordinary course of business;
 
(c)           Dispositions of property to the extent that (i) such property 
is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of other property used 
or useful in the business of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries or (ii) 
the proceeds of such Disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price 
of such property; provided that to the extent the property being 
transferred constitutes Collateral, such replacement property shall 
constitute Collateral;
 
(d)           Dispositions of property to a Borrower or a Subsidiary of a 
Borrower; provided that if the transferor of such property is a Loan Party 
the transferee thereof must be a Loan Party;
 
103
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(e)           Dispositions permitted by Sections 7.02, 7.04 and 7.06 and 
Liens permitted by Section 7.01;
 
(f)            Dispositions of property pursuant to sale-leaseback 
transactions; provided that the Net Cash Proceeds thereof are applied in 
accordance with Section 2.03(b)(iii);
 
(g)           Dispositions of Cash Equivalents in the ordinary course of 
business;
 
(h)           leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including the 
provision of software under an open source license), in each case in the 
ordinary course of business and which do not materially interfere with the 
business of the Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;
 
(i)            transfers of property subject to Casualty Events upon 
receipt of the Net Cash Proceeds of such Casualty Event;
 
(j)            Dispositions of property not otherwise permitted under this 
Section 7.05 in an aggregate amount not to exceed $750,000 in the aggregate 
in any fiscal year;
 
(k)           Dispositions of Investments in joint ventures to the extent 
required by, or made pursuant to customary buy/sell arrangements between, 
the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture arrangements and 
similar binding arrangements;
 
(l)            the unwinding of any Swap Contract in the ordinary course of 
business; and
 
(m)          the lapse or abandonment in the ordinary course of business of 
any registrations or applications for registration of any Intellectual 
Property that, in the reasonable judgment of the Parent and its 
Subsidiaries, are not necessary or material in the conduct of the business 
of the Parent and its Subsidiaries;
 
provided that any Disposition of any property pursuant to this Section 7.05 
(except pursuant to Sections 7.05(a), (e), (i), (k) and (m) and except for 
Dispositions from a Borrower Loan Party to a Loan Party), shall be for no 
less than the fair market value of such property at the time of such 
Disposition as determined by the Borrowers in good faith.
 
Section 7.06.         Restricted Payments.  Declare or make, directly or 
indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except:
 
(a)           each Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to a Borrower 
that is its parent and to such Borrower’s other Subsidiaries (and, in the 
case of a Restricted Payment by a non-wholly owned Subsidiary, to a 
Borrower that is its parent and to such Borrower’s other Subsidiaries and 
to each other owner of Equity Interests of such Subsidiary based on their 
relative ownership interests of the relevant class of Equity Interests);
 
(b)           the Parent and each of its Subsidiaries may declare and make 
dividend payments or other distributions payable solely in the Qualified 
Equity Interests of such Person;
 
(c)           the Parent and each of its Subsidiaries may make cashless 
repurchases of Equity Interests in a Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries 
deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options
 
104
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
or warrants or similar rights if such Equity Interests represent a portion 
of the exercise price of such options or warrants or similar rights;
 
(d)           so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing or result therefrom, including on a Pro Forma Basis, the 
Borrowers may pay (or make Restricted Payments to allow the Parent to pay) 
for the repurchase, retirement or other acquisition or retirement for value 
of Equity Interests of the Parent held by any future, present or former 
officer, employee or manager (or any spouses, former spouses, successors, 
executors, administrators, heirs, legatees or distributees of any of the 
foregoing) of the Parent or any of its Subsidiaries upon the death, 
disability, retirement or termination of employment of any such Person or 
otherwise pursuant to any employee or manager equity plan, employee or 
manager stock option plan or any other employee or director benefit plan or 
any agreement with any officer, employee or manager of the Parent or any of 
its Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount after the Closing Date not to 
exceed $250,000 in any calendar year; and
 
(e)           without duplication, the Borrowers may make Restricted 
Payments to the Parent, the proceeds of which shall be used by the Parent 
to pay its operating costs and expenses incurred in the ordinary course of 
business and other corporate overhead costs and expenses (including 
franchise taxes, administration, legal, accounting and similar expenses 
provided by third parties), which are reasonable and customary and incurred 
in the ordinary course of business, attributable to the ownership or 
operations of its Subsidiaries.
 
Section 7.07.         Change in Nature of Business.
 
(a)           With respect to the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, engage 
in any material line of business substantially different from those lines 
of business conducted by the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries on the 
Closing Date or any business reasonably related thereto.
 
(b)           With respect to the Parent, engage in any business activities 
or have any properties or liabilities, other than (i) its ownership of the 
Equity Interests of the Borrowers and, until the transfer thereof to a 
Borrower pursuant to Section 6.17 hereof, the intellectual property of the 
Parent disclosed on the Perfection Certificate delivered on the Closing 
Date, (ii) obligations under the Loan Documents and the Subordinated Loan 
Documents, (iii) special purpose holding company activities reasonably 
related or ancillary to the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), and (iv) 
obligations under the ATC Acquisition Agreement.
 
Section 7.08.         Transactions with Affiliates.
 
(a)           Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of 
the Parent, a Borrower or a Subsidiary, whether or not in the ordinary 
course of business, other than (i) transactions on terms not materially 
less favorable, when taken as a whole, to the Parent, such Borrower or such 
Subsidiary as would be obtainable by the Parent, such Borrower or such 
Subsidiary at the time in a comparable arm’s-length transaction with a 
Person other than an Affiliate; (ii) transactions between or among the 
Borrowers and their Subsidiaries expressly permitted by this Agreement; and 
(iii) Restricted Payments permitted under Section 7.06.
 
(b)           Pay any management, transaction, consulting or similar fee to 
any Affiliate.
 
105
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 7.09.         Burdensome Agreements.  Enter into or permit to exist 
any Contractual Obligation (other than this Agreement or any other Loan 
Document) that prohibits, restricts, imposes any condition on or limits the 
ability of (a) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to make Restricted 
Payments to (directly or indirectly) or to make or repay loans or advances 
to any Loan Party or to Guarantee the Obligations of any Loan Party under 
the Loan Documents or (b) any Loan Party to create, incur, assume or suffer 
to exist Liens on property of such Person for the benefit of the Lenders 
with respect to the Credit Facility and the Obligations under the Loan 
Documents; provided that the foregoing clauses (a) and (b) shall not apply 
to Contractual Obligations that:
 
    (i)            (x) exist on the Closing Date and (to the extent not
    otherwise permitted by this Section 7.09) are listed on Schedule 7.09 
    hereto and (y) to the extent Contractual Obligations permitted by
    clause (x) are set forth in an agreement evidencing Indebtedness, are
    set forth in any agreement evidencing any permitted modification,
    replacement, renewal, extension or refinancing of such Indebtedness so
    long as such modification, replacement, renewal, extension or
    refinancing does not expand the scope of such Contractual Obligation in
    any material respect,
     
    (ii)           are binding on a Subsidiary at the time such Subsidiary
    first becomes a Subsidiary, so long as such Contractual Obligations
    were not entered into in contemplation of such Person becoming its
    Subsidiary,
     
    (iii)          represent Indebtedness of its Subsidiary that is not a
    Loan Party that is permitted by Section 7.03,
     
    (iv)          are customary restrictions that arise in connection with
    (x) any Lien permitted by Sections 7.01(i), (l), (m), (r) and (s) and
    relate to the property subject to such Lien or (y) any Disposition
    permitted by Section 7.05 applicable pending such Disposition solely to
    the assets subject to such Disposition,
     
    (v)           are negative pledges and restrictions on Liens in favor
    of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.03 but solely
    to the extent any negative pledge relates to the property financed by
    or the subject of such Indebtedness and the proceeds and products
    thereof and permit the Liens securing the Obligations without
    restriction,
     
    (vi)          are customary restrictions on leases, subleases, licenses
    or asset sale agreements otherwise permitted hereby so long as such
    restrictions relate to the assets subject thereto,
     
    (vii)         comprise restrictions imposed by any agreement relating
    to secured Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Sections 7.03(f) to the
    extent that such restrictions apply only to the property or assets
    permitted to secure such Indebtedness,
     
    (viii)        are customary provisions restricting subletting or
    assignment of any lease governing a leasehold interest of any
    Subsidiary,
     
    (ix)          are customary provisions restricting assignment of any
    agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business,
 
106
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
    (x)           are restrictions on cash or other deposits imposed by
    customers under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of
    business,
     
    (xi)          are restrictions or conditions imposed by law,
     
    (xii)         are customary restrictions or conditions contained in
    agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale,
    provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary
    that is sold and such sale is permitted hereunder,
     
    (xiii)        arise in connection with cash or other deposits permitted
    under Section 7.01, or
     
    (xiv)        are restrictions set forth in the Subordinated Loan
    Documents as in effect on the Effective Date.
     
Section 7.10.         Use of Proceeds.  Use the proceeds of any Borrowing, 
either directly or indirectly except (i) with respect to the Term Loans, 
(A) to finance a portion of the purchase price for the ATC Acquisition, (B) 
to finance the repayment in full of all amounts outstanding under the 
Existing Loan Agreement, (C) to finance a portion of the purchase price for 
the Thixoforming Acquisition, (D) to finance the repayment in full of all 
amounts outstanding under the Convertible Note Indebtedness, and (E) to pay 
transaction fees and expenses in connection therewith, (ii) with respect to 
the Revolving Loans, for working capital and general corporate purposes of 
the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries from time to time permitted under this 
Agreement (including Permitted Acquisitions), and (iii) with respect to the 
Delayed Draw Term Loans, to finance Permitted Acquisitions subject to the 
terms and conditions in this Agreement.  Use the proceeds of any Borrowing, 
whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or 
ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of 
Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of 
purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally 
incurred for such purpose.
 
Section 7.11.         Accounting Changes.  Make any change in fiscal year 
or any material accounting policy with respect to revenue recognition or 
allowance for doubtful accounts that results in a material change to the 
Parent’s financial condition.
 
Section 7.12.         Organization Documents.  Terminate, amend, modify 
(including electing to treat any Pledged Equity (as defined in the 
Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) as a “security” under Section 8-103 of 
the UCC) or change any of its Organization Documents (including by the 
filing or modification of any certificate of designation) or any agreement 
to which it is a party with respect to its Equity Interests (including any 
stockholders’ agreement), or enter into any new agreement with respect to 
its Equity Interests, or amend or modify any provision of the ATC 
Acquisition Agreement or the Thixoforming Acquisition Agreement, other 
than, in each case, any such amendments, modifications or changes or such 
new agreements which are not, and could not reasonably be expected to be, 
adverse in any material respect to the interests of any Agent or Lender.
 
107
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 7.13.         Payments, Prepayments, etc. of Indebtedness; Earn-out 
Payments.
 
(a)           Prepay, redeem, purchase, defease or otherwise satisfy prior 
to the scheduled maturity thereof in any manner any Indebtedness of a Loan 
Party permitted hereunder that is subordinated to the Obligations expressly 
by its terms (collectively, “Junior Financing”), except:
 
    (i)            the refinancing thereof with the Net Cash Proceeds of,
    or in exchange for, any Permitted Refinancing, to the extent not
    required to prepay any Loans or the conversion of any Junior Financing
    to Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of the
    Parent, provided no Event of Default results therefrom;
     
    (ii)           payments of regularly scheduled interest on a
    non-accelerated basis and interest and payments of fees, expense and
    indemnification obligations with respect to the Subordinated Debt to
    the extent permitted by the Subordination Agreement;
     
    (iii)          the conversion or exchange of any Subordinated Debt to
    Equity Interests of the Parent; and
     
    (iv)          on the fifth Business Day after the closing of any
    offering or sale of Equity Interests by or any capital contribution of
    Parent (other than an Excluded Contribution) or such later date as
    agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent and following the
    prepayment of any amount required to be prepaid pursuant to Section
    2.03(b)(v), the Borrowers shall be allowed to prepay the Subordinated
    Debt in an aggregate amount of Net Cash Proceeds of such Equity
    Issuance not required to be prepaid pursuant to Section 2.03(b).
     
(b)           Amend, modify or change in any manner materially adverse to 
the interests of the Lenders or materially more burdensome to any Loan 
Party any term or condition of any Junior Financing Documentation or any 
other Indebtedness of a Loan Party that is subordinated to the Obligations 
expressly by its terms without the consent of the Administrative Agent.
 
(c)           Make any earn-out or similar payment related to a Permitted 
Acquisition or other permitted acquisition or Investment (including the 
Kecy Acquisition, the Thixoforming Acquisition and the ATC Acquisition), 
other than any such payment made solely in Qualified Equity Interests of 
the Borrower and other than any such payment satisfying the following 
conditions:
 
    (i)            immediately prior to and after giving effect thereto, no
    Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or
    would result therefrom;
     
    (ii)           (A) the Parent and its Subsidiaries shall be in
    compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.14 on a
    Pro Forma Basis after giving effect to such payment as of the last day
    of the fiscal quarter most recently ended, (B) the Total Leverage Ratio
    shall be lower than the lesser of (1) 3.50:1.00 and (2) the maximum
    ratio permitted by Section 7.14(b) at such time, adjusted by reducing
    the numerator of such ratio by 0.50, on a Pro Forma Basis as of the
    last day of the fiscal quarter most recently ended and the Senior
    Leverage Ratio shall be lower than the lesser of (1) 2.50:1.00 and (2)
    the maximum ratio permitted by Section 7.14(c) at such time, adjusted
    by reducing the numerator of such ratio by 0.50, on a Pro Forma Basis
    as of the last day of the fiscal quarter most recently ended, and (C)
    the Parent shall have delivered to the Administrative
 
108
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Agent a Compliance Certificate evidencing in reasonable detail
    compliance with the financial covenants and ratios described in
    subclauses (A) and (B) of this clause (ii) and such Compliance
    Certificate, including the calculations set forth therein, shall be
    reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent; and
 
    (iii)          after giving effect to such payment, the sum of (i) the
    aggregate amount of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents held by the
    Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries plus (ii) the Availability in
    respect of the Revolving Commitments shall not be less than $10,000,000
    (it being understood that cash and cash equivalents shall not
    constitute restricted cash or Cash Equivalents solely by reason of
    being subject to the Lien of the Collateral Documents).
 
Section 7.14.         Financial Covenants.
 
(a)           Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.  Permit the Fixed Charge 
Coverage Ratio to be less than 1.25:1.00 as of the last day of any fiscal 
quarter ending on or prior to the Maturity Date.
 
(b)           Maximum Total Leverage Ratio.  Permit the Total Leverage 
Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter ending during any period 
set forth in the table below, to exceed the ratio set forth opposite such 
period in the table below:
 
Period
 
Total Leverage Ratio
Effective Date through March 28, 2015
 
5.25:1.00
March 29, 2015 through June 29, 2015
 
5.00:1.00
June 30, 2015 through September 26, 2015
 
4.75:1.00
September 27, 2015 through December 26, 2015
 
4.50:1.00
December 27, 2015 through June 29, 2016
 
4.25:1.00
June 30, 2016 through December 24, 2016
 
4.00:1.00
December 25, 2016 and thereafter
 
3.50:1.00
     
(c)           Maximum Senior Leverage Ratio.  Permit the Senior Leverage 
Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter ending during any period 
set forth in the table below, to exceed the ratio set forth opposite such 
period in the table below:
 
Period
 
Senior Leverage Ratio
Effective Date through March 28, 2015
 
3.75:1.00
March 29, 2015 through June 29, 2015
 
3.50:1.00
June 30, 2015 through September 26, 2015
 
3.25:1.00
September 27, 2015 through December 26, 2015
 
3.00:1.00
December 27, 2015 through June 29, 2016
 
2.75:1.00
June 30, 2016 through December 24, 2016
 
2.50:1.00
December 25, 2016 and thereafter
 
2.25:1.00
 
109
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 7.15.         Anti-Terrorism Laws.  Conduct, deal in or engage in 
or permit any Affiliate or agent of the Parent within its control to 
conduct, deal in or engage in any of the following activities: (i) conduct 
any business or engage in any transaction or dealing with any person 
blocked pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224 (“Blocked Person”), including 
the making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or 
for the benefit of any Blocked Person; (ii) deal in, or otherwise engage in 
any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked 
pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224; or (iii) engage in on conspire to 
engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of 
evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set 
forth in Executive Order No. 13224 or the USA PATRIOT Act.  The Borrowers 
shall deliver to Administrative Agent and Lenders any certification or 
other evidence reasonably requested from time to time by Administrative 
Agent, confirming Borrowers’ compliance with this Section 7.15
 
Section 7.16.         Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions.  Request any 
Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Parent and the Borrowers shall not 
use, shall cause the Subsidiaries not to use and shall use their 
commercially reasonable efforts to cause its or their respective directors, 
officers, employees and agents, in each case, when acting on behalf of the 
Parent or any Subsidiary not to use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or 
Letter of Credit (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, 
or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of 
value, to any Person in violation in any material respect of any 
Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose of funding, financing or 
“facilitating” (within the meaning of the applicable Sanctions) any 
transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person or in any Sanctioned Country, 
or (C)  in any manner that would likely result in the violation of any 
Sanctions applicable to any party hereto.
 
ARTICLE VIII.
 
Events of Default and Remedies
 
Section 8.01.         Events of Default.  Each of the events referred to in 
clauses (a) through (1) of this Section 8.01 shall constitute an “Event of 
Default”:
 
110
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(a)           Non-Payment.  Any Borrower fails to pay (i) when and as 
required to be paid herein, any amount of principal of any Loan, or (ii) 
within five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on 
any Loan or any other amount payable hereunder or with respect to any other 
Loan Document; or
 
(b)           Specific Covenants.  The Parent or any Subsidiary fails to 
perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of 
Sections 6.01, 6.02, 6.03, 6.05(a), 6.07, 6.10, 6.11, 6.13, 6.17 (including 
the items set forth in Schedule 6.17) or Article VII; or
 
(c)           Other Defaults.  Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe 
any other covenant or agreement (not specified in Section 8.01(a) or (b) 
above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or 
observed and such failure continues for thirty (30) days after receipt by 
the Parent of written notice thereof from the Administrative Agent; or
 
(d)           Representations and Warranties.  Any representation, 
warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by any 
Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document required 
to be delivered in connection herewith or therewith shall be untrue in any 
material respect (without duplication of materiality qualifiers in the case 
of those representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a 
Material Adverse Effect or other materiality) when made or deemed made; or
 
(e)           Cross-Default.  Any Loan Party or any Subsidiary (i) fails to 
make any payment prior to the expiration of any applicable grace period 
with respect thereto, if any, (whether by scheduled maturity, required 
prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Material 
Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness hereunder) or (ii) fails to observe 
or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such 
Indebtedness, or any other event occurs, the effect of which default or 
other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such 
Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or 
beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if 
required, such Indebtedness to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, 
defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to 
repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior 
to its stated maturity; provided that this clause (e) shall not apply to 
secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or 
transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, if such sale 
or transfer is permitted hereunder and under the documents providing for 
such Indebtedness; or
 
(f)            Insolvency Proceedings, etc.  The Parent, any Borrower or 
any Subsidiary institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding 
under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of 
creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, 
trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, administrator, 
administrative receiver or similar officer for it or for all or any 
material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, 
conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator, administrator, administrative 
receiver or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent 
of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 
sixty (60) calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law 
relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property 
is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed 
or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days, or an order for relief is entered 
in any such proceeding; or
 
111
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(g)           Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment.  Any Loan Party or any 
Subsidiary becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails 
generally to pay its debts as they become due, or any writ or warrant of 
attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all 
or any material part of the property of the Loan Parties and the 
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and is not released, vacated or fully 
bonded within sixty (60) days after its issue or levy; or
 
(h)           Judgments.  There is entered against any Loan Party or any 
Subsidiary a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an 
aggregate amount exceeding $1,000,000 (to the extent not covered by 
independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer has been notified 
of such judgment or order and has not denied coverage thereof) and such 
judgment or order shall not have been satisfied, vacated, discharged or 
stayed or bonded pending an appeal for a period of sixty (60) consecutive 
days; or
 
(i)            ERISA.  (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension 
Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or would reasonably be 
expected to result in liability of any Loan Party or their respective ERISA 
Affiliates under Title IV of ERISA in an aggregate amount which would 
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or the 
imposition of a Lien against the property of any Loan Party, or (ii) any 
Loan Party or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates fails to pay when 
due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment 
payment with respect to its Withdrawal Liability under Section 4201 of 
ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount exceeding an amount 
that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, 
or
 
(j)            Invalidity of Loan Documents.  Any material provision of any 
Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any 
reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder (including 
as a result of a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or 7.05) or the 
satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and 
effect; or any Loan Party contests in writing the validity or 
enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party 
denies in writing that it has any or further liability or obligation under 
any Loan Document (other than as a result of repayment in full of the 
Obligations), or purports in writing to revoke or rescind any Loan 
Document; or
 
(k)           Collateral Documents.  Any Collateral Document after delivery 
thereof pursuant to Section 4.01 or 6.11 shall for any reason (other than 
pursuant to the terms hereof or thereof including as a result of a 
transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or 7.05) ceases to create, or any 
Lien purported to be created by any Collateral Document shall be asserted 
in writing by any Person not to be, a valid and perfected lien, with the 
priority required by the Collateral Documents (or other security purported 
to be created on the applicable Collateral) on and security interest in the 
Collateral purported to be covered thereby, subject to Liens permitted 
under Section 7.01, other than as a result of the Administrative Agent or 
Collateral Agent failing to properly file Uniform Commercial Code financing 
statements or continuation statements necessary to maintain perfection; or
 
(l)            Change of Control.  There occurs any Change of Control; or
 
(m)          Subordinated Debt.  The Subordinated Debt or the guarantees 
thereof shall cease, for any reason, to be validly subordinated to the 
Obligations of the Loan Parties hereunder, as
 
112
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
provided in the Subordinated Loan Agreement and/or in the Subordination 
Agreement, or any Loan Party, any Affiliate of any Loan Party, or any 
holder of the Subordinated Debt shall so assert.
 
Section 8.02.         Remedies upon Event of Default.  If any Event of 
Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent may with the 
consent of, and shall at the request of, the Required Lenders take any or 
all of the following actions;
 
(a)           declare the Commitments of each Lender to be terminated, 
whereupon such Commitments and obligation shall be terminated;
 
(b)           declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, 
all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or 
payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due 
and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any 
kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower and each 
other Loan Party;
 
(c)           require that the Borrowers Cash Collateralize the LC Exposure 
(in an amount equal to the then outstanding amount thereof); and
 
(d)           exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and 
remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents or 
applicable Law;
 
provided that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order 
for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the 
United States, the Commitments of each Lender shall automatically 
terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all 
interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and 
payable, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or 
any Lender.
 
Section 8.03.         Application of Funds.  After the exercise of remedies 
provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become 
immediately due and payable as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), 
any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the 
Administrative Agent in the following order:
 
    First, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees,
    indemnities, expenses and other amounts (other than principal and
    interest, but including Attorney Costs payable under Section 10.04 and
    amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent
    or the Collateral Agent in its capacity as such;
     
    Second, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting
    fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest)
    payable to the Lenders (including Attorney Costs payable under Section
    10.04 and amounts payable under Article III) ratably among them in
    proportion to the amounts described in this clause Second payable to
    them;
     
    Third, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting
    accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, ratably among the Lenders in
    proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third
    payable to them;
 
113
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Fourth, to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting
    unpaid principal of the Loans, the Obligations under Secured Hedge
    Agreements and Cash Management Obligations, ratably among the Secured
    Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this
    clause Fourth held by them;
     
    Fifth, to the payment of all other Obligations of the Loan Parties that
    are due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the other Secured
    Parties on such date, ratably based upon the respective aggregate
    amounts of all such Obligations owing to the Administrative Agent and
    the other Secured Parties on such date; and
     
    Last, the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been
    indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrowers or as otherwise required by
    Law.
     
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Obligations arising under Secured Hedge 
Agreements shall be excluded from the application described above if the 
Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with 
such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may request, from 
the applicable Hedge Bank (other than Citizens or its Affiliates), as the 
case may be.  Each Hedge Bank not a party to this Agreement that has given 
the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such notice, be 
deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the 
Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article IX for itself and its 
Affiliates as if a “Lender” party hereto.  Excluded Swap Obligations with 
respect to any Loan Party shall not be paid with amounts received from such 
Loan Party or its assets, but appropriate adjustments shall be made with 
respect to payments from the Borrower or the other Loan Parties, as 
applicable, to preserve the allocation to Obligations otherwise set forth 
above in this Section 8.03.
 
Section 8.04.         Equity Cure.   Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in this Article 8, if the Borrowers fail to comply with 
the requirement of any financial covenants set forth in Section 7.14, the 
Borrowers shall have the right to cure such failure (the “Cure Right”), by 
notice to the Administrative Agent not later than the date on which the 
applicable Compliance Certificate is required to be delivered pursuant to 
Section 6.01 for the period for which such financial covenants are being 
measured, to cause the net cash proceeds of an issuance of Equity Interests 
(other than Disqualified Equity Interests) by the Parent to be contributed 
in cash to the common equity to a Borrower, all not later than the tenth 
Business Day following the date of such notice and upon receipt by such 
Borrower of such cash contribution (such cash amount actually received by 
the Borrowers being referred to as the “Cure Amount”) pursuant to the 
exercise of such Cure Right, each such financial covenant shall be 
recalculated giving effect to the following pro forma adjustments:
 
(a)           Consolidated EBITDA shall be deemed to be increased, solely 
for the purpose of calculation of the financial covenants set forth in 
Section 7.14 with respect to any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters 
that includes the fiscal quarter for which the Cure Right was exercised and 
not for any other purpose under this Agreement, by an amount equal to the 
Cure Amount; and
 
(b)           if, after giving effect to the foregoing recalculations, the 
Borrowers shall then be in compliance with the requirements of the 
financial covenants set forth in Section 7.14, the
 
114
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Borrowers shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements of the 
financial covenants set forth in Section 7.14 as of the relevant date of 
determination with the same effect as though there had been no failure to 
comply therewith at such date, and the applicable breach or default of such 
financial covenants that had occurred shall be deemed cured for the 
purposes of this Agreement; provided that (i) Cure Rights shall not be 
exercised in more than two consecutive fiscal quarters, (ii) there shall be 
a maximum of two Cure Rights exercised in any period of four consecutive 
fiscal quarters, and a maximum of four Cure Rights exercised during the 
term of this Agreement, (iii) each Cure Amount shall be no greater than the 
amount required to cause the Borrowers to be in compliance with the 
financial covenants set forth in Section 7.14; (iv) each Cure Amount may 
not exceed $3,000,000 and the aggregate amount of all Cure Rights exercised 
during the term of this Agreement may not exceed $6,000,000; (v) all Cure 
Amounts shall be disregarded for the purposes of any financial ratio 
determination under the Loan Documents other than for determining 
compliance with Section 7.14; (vi) 100% of the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds 
of such Cure Amount shall be applied as a mandatory prepayment of the Loans 
in accordance with Section 2.03(b)(iv) hereof; and (vii) no Lender or 
Issuing Bank shall be required to make any extension of credit hereunder 
during the 10 Business Days period referred to above.
 
ARTICLE IX.
 
Administrative Agent and Other Agents
 
Section 9.01.         Appointment and Authority of the Administrative Agent
.
 
(a)           Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints Citizens to act on 
its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan 
Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on 
its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the 
Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such 
actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  The provisions of 
this Article IX (other than Sections 9.09 and 9.11) are solely for the 
benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and the Borrowers 
shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any such provision.  
This Agreement does not give rise now or in the future to an agency or 
partnership relationship between any Borrower and any Agent or any of their 
respective Affiliates.
 
(b)           The Administrative Agent shall also act as the “collateral 
agent” under the Loan Documents, and each of the Lenders (including in its 
capacities as a Lender and a potential Cash Management Bank and Hedge Bank) 
hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to act 
as the agent of (and to hold any security interest created by the 
Collateral Documents for and on behalf of or in trust for) such Lender for 
purposes of acquiring, holding and enforcing any and all Liens on 
Collateral granted by any of the Loan Parties to secure any of the 
Obligations, together with such powers and discretion as are reasonably 
incidental thereto.  In this connection, the Administrative Agent, as 
“collateral agent” (and any co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact 
appointed by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 9.05 for purposes 
of holding or enforcing any Lien on the Collateral (or any portion thereof) 
granted under the Collateral Documents, or for exercising any rights and 
remedies thereunder at the direction of the Administrative Agent), shall be 
entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX (including 
Section 9.07, as though such co-agents, sub-agents and attorneys-in-fact 
were the “collateral agent” under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in 
full
 
115
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
herein with respect thereto.  Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, the Lenders hereby expressly authorize the Administrative Agent 
to execute any and all documents (including releases) with respect to the 
Collateral and the rights of the Secured Parties with respect thereto, as 
contemplated by and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and 
the Collateral Documents and acknowledge and agree that any such action by 
any Agent shall bind the Lenders.
 
Section 9.02.         Rights as a Lender.  Any Person serving as an Agent 
(including as Administrative Agent) hereunder shall have the same rights 
and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise 
the same as though it were not an Agent and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” 
shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise 
requires, include each Person serving as an Agent hereunder in its 
individual capacity.  Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits 
from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory 
capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with any Borrower 
or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not an 
Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.  
The Lenders acknowledge that, pursuant to such activities, any Agent or its 
Affiliates may receive information regarding any Loan Party or any of its 
Affiliates (including information that may be subject to confidentiality 
obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such Affiliate) and acknowledge 
that no Agent shall be under any obligation to provide such information to 
them.
 
Section 9.03.         Exculpatory Provisions.  Neither the Administrative 
Agent nor any other Agent shall have any duties or obligations except those 
expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents.  Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, an Agent (including the 
Administrative Agent):
 
(a)           shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied 
duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing and 
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the use of the term 
“agent” herein and in the other Loan Documents with reference to any Agent 
is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) 
obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law and 
instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is 
intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between 
independent contracting parties;
 
(b)           shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or 
exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers 
expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that such 
Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required 
Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be 
expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided 
that no Agent shall be required to take any action that, in its opinion or 
the opinion of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or that is 
contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law; and
 
(c)           shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the 
other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable 
for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Borrower or 
any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by any Person 
serving as an Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.
 
116
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not 
taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders 
(or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, 
or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be 
necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02) 
or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as 
determined by the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, in 
connection with its duties expressly set forth herein.  The Administrative 
Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until 
notice describing such Default is given to the Administrative Agent by a 
Borrower or a Lender.
 
No Agent-Related Person shall be responsible for or have any duty to 
ascertain or inquire into (i) any recital, statement, warranty or 
representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other 
Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other 
document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or 
therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, 
agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the 
occurrence of any Default (including, without limitation, compliance with 
the terms and conditions of Section 10.07(h)(iii)), (iv) the validity, 
enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other 
Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or the 
creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be created by the 
Collateral Documents, (v) the value or the sufficiency of any Collateral, 
or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or 
elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required 
to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, or to inspect the properties, 
books or records of any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof.
 
Section 9.04.         Reliance by the Administrative Agent.
 
The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not 
incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, 
consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any 
electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other 
distribution) believed by it in the absence of bad faith to be genuine and 
to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person.  
The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally 
or by telephone and believed by it in the absence of bad faith to have been 
made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying 
thereon.  In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the 
making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of 
a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is 
satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have 
received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of 
such Loan.  The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel 
(including counsel acting for the Borrowers), independent accountants and 
other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken 
or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, 
accountants or experts.
 
The Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to 
take any action under any Loan Document unless it shall first receive such 
advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it deems appropriate and, 
if it so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the 
Lenders against any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by 
it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action.  The 
Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in 
refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other
 
117
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Loan Document in accordance with a request or consent of the Required 
Lenders (or such greater number of Lenders as may be expressly required 
hereby in any instance) and such request and any action taken or failure to 
act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders; provided that 
the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in 
its opinion or in the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative 
Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable 
Law.
 
Section 9.05.         Delegation of Duties.  The Administrative Agent may 
perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers 
hereunder or under any other Loan Documents by or through any one or more 
sub agents appointed by the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent 
and any such sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise 
its rights and powers by or through their respective Agent-Related Persons. 
 The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub 
agent and to the Agent-Related Persons of the Administrative Agent and any 
such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in 
connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for 
herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent.
 
Section 9.06.         Non-Reliance of Administrative Agent and Other 
Lenders; Disclosure of Information by Agents.  Each Lender acknowledges 
that no Agent-Related Person has made any representation or warranty to it, 
and that no act by any Agent hereafter taken, including any consent to and 
acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party or 
any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or 
warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender as to any matter, 
including whether Agent-Related Persons have disclosed material information 
in their possession.  Each Lender represents to each Agent that it has, 
independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based 
on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its 
own appraisal of, and investigation into the business, prospects, 
operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of 
the Loan Parties and their respective Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank 
or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, 
and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit 
to the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties hereunder.  Each Lender also 
represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon any 
Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it 
shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit 
analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under 
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such 
investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, 
prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and 
creditworthiness of the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties.  Except for 
notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to 
the Lenders by any Agent herein, such Agent shall not have any duty or 
responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information 
concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and 
other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of 
their respective Affiliates which may come into the possession of any 
Agent-Related Person.
 
Section 9.07.         Indemnification of Agents.  Whether or not the 
transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, the Lenders shall 
indemnify upon demand the Administrative Agent and each other Agent-Related 
Person (solely to the extent any such Agent-Related Person was performing 
services on behalf of the Administrative Agent) (to the extent not 
reimbursed by or on behalf of any Loan Party and without limiting the 
obligation of any Loan Party to do so), pro
 
118
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
rata, and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and each other 
Agent-Related Person (solely to the extent any such Agent-Related Person 
was performing services on behalf of the Administrative Agent) from and 
against any and all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by it; provided that 
no Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of 
any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities resulting from such 
Agent-Related Person’s own gross negligence or willful misconduct, as 
determined by the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction; 
provided that no action taken in accordance with the directions of the 
Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as 
shall be required by the Loan Documents) shall be deemed to constitute 
gross negligence or willful misconduct for purposes of this Section 9.07.  
In the case of any investigation, litigation or proceeding giving rise to 
any Indemnified Liabilities, this Section 9.07 applies whether any such 
investigation, litigation or proceeding is brought by any Lender or any 
other Person.  Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall 
reimburse the Administrative Agent upon demand for its ratable share of any 
costs or out-of-pocket expenses (including Attorney Costs) incurred by the 
Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, 
delivery, administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether 
through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice 
in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement, any other 
Loan Document, or any document contemplated by or referred to herein, to 
the extent that the Administrative Agent is not reimbursed for such 
expenses by or on behalf of the Borrowers, provided that such reimbursement 
by the Lenders shall not affect the Borrowers’ continuing reimbursement 
obligations with respect thereto, provided, further, that the failure of 
any Lender to indemnify or reimburse the Administrative Agent shall not 
relieve any other Lender of its obligation in respect thereof.  The 
undertaking in this Section 9.07 shall survive termination of the Aggregate 
Commitments, the payment of all other Obligations and the resignation of 
the Administrative Agent.
 
Section 9.08.         No Other Duties; Other Agents, Arranger, Manners, etc
.  Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, neither the Arranger 
nor the other Agents shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities 
under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its 
capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder 
and such Persons shall have the benefit of this Article IX and none of the 
Arranger or Syndication Agent listed on the cover page hereof shall have 
any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the 
other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the 
Administrative Agent, a Lender or the Issuing Bank hereunder.  Without 
limiting the foregoing, none of the Lenders or other Persons so identified 
shall have or be deemed to have any agency or fiduciary or trust 
relationship with any Lender, the Parent, any Borrower or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries.  Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, 
and will not rely, on any of the Lenders or other Persons so identified in 
deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action 
hereunder.  The Syndication Agent, without consent of or notice to any 
party hereto, may assign any and all of its rights or obligations hereunder 
to any of its Affiliates.  The Syndication Agent may resign from such role 
at any time, with immediate effect, by giving prior written notice thereof 
to the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers.
 
Section 9.09.         Resignation of Administrative Agent or Collateral 
Agent.   The Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may at any time give 
notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrowers.  Upon receipt 
of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the 
right, with the consent of the Borrowers at all times other than during the
 
119
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
existence of an Event of Default (which consent of the Borrowers shall not 
be unreasonably withheld or delayed), to appoint a successor, which shall 
be a Lender or a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate 
of any such Lender or bank with an office in the United States.  If no such 
successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall 
have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring 
Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, gives notice of 
its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral 
Agent, as applicable, may on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor 
Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, meeting the 
qualifications set forth above; provided that if the Administrative Agent 
or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall notify the Borrowers and the 
Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such 
resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such 
notice and (a) the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as 
applicable, shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder 
and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any 
collateral security held by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent on 
behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Agent 
shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a 
successor of such Agent is appointed) and (b) all payments, communications 
and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative 
Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time 
as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as 
provided for above in this Section.  Upon the acceptance of a successor’s 
appointment as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, 
hereunder and upon the execution and filing or recording of such financing 
statements, or amendments thereto, and such amendments or supplements to 
the Mortgages, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary 
or desirable, or as the Required Lenders may request, in order to (i) 
continue the perfection of the Liens granted or purported to be granted by 
the Collateral Documents or (ii) otherwise ensure that the Collateral and 
Guarantee Requirement is satisfied, such successor shall succeed to and 
become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the 
retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as 
applicable, and the retiring Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as 
applicable, shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations 
hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged 
therefrom as provided above in this Section).  After the retiring Agent’s 
resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of 
this Article and Sections 10.04 and 10.05 shall continue in effect for the 
benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective 
Agent-Related Persons in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be 
taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as Administrative 
Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable.
 
Section 9.10.         Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim.  In 
case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any 
other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative 
Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due 
and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and 
irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand 
on the Borrowers) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such 
proceeding or otherwise:
 
(a)           to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the 
principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, and all 
other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other 
documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of 
the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the 
reasonable compensation,
 
120
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative 
Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the 
Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.07 and 10.04) allowed 
in such judicial proceeding; and
 
(b)           to collect and receive any monies or other property payable 
or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;
 
and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or 
other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized 
by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in 
the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such 
payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any 
amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and 
advances of the Agents and their respective agents and counsel, and any 
other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.07 and 10.04.
 
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative 
Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender 
any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition 
affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the 
Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any 
such proceeding.
 
Section 9.11.         Collateral and Guaranty Matters.  Each of the Lenders 
(including in its capacities as a potential Cash Management Bank and Hedge 
Bank) irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent and the Collateral 
Agent, and each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent agrees 
that it will:
 
(a)           release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the 
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under any Loan Document (i) 
upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and payment in full of all 
Obligations (other than (x) obligations and liabilities under Secured Hedge 
Agreements as to which arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the 
applicable Hedge Bank shall have been made, (y) contingent indemnification 
obligations not yet accrued and payable and (z) Cash Management 
Obligations), (ii) at the time the property subject to such Lien is 
transferred or to be transferred as part of or in connection with any 
transfer permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document to any Person 
other than a Borrower or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries that are 
Guarantors, (iii) subject to Section 10.01, if the release of such Lien is 
approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders, or 
(iv) if the property subject to such Lien is owned by a Guarantor, upon 
release of such Guarantor from its obligations under the Guarantee and 
Collateral Agreement pursuant to clause (c) below;
 
(b)           release or subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or 
held by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under any Loan 
Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted by 
Section 7.01(d);
 
(c)           release any Guarantor from its obligations under the 
Guarantee and Collateral Agreement if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary 
as a result of a transaction or designation permitted hereunder; and 
release any Liens granted by such Subsidiary or Liens on the Equity 
Interests of such Subsidiary; provided that no such release shall occur if 
such Guarantor
 
121
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
continues to be a guarantor in respect of any Indebtedness (other than the 
Obligations) of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.
 
Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders 
will confirm in writing the Collateral Agent’s authority to release or 
subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property, or to 
release any Guarantor from its obligations under the Guarantee and 
Collateral Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.11.  In each case as 
specified in this Section 9.11, the applicable Agent will (and each Lender 
irrevocably authorizes the applicable Agent to), at the Borrowers’ expense, 
execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party such documents as such 
Loan Party may reasonably request to evidence the release or subordination 
of such item of Collateral from the assignment and security interest 
granted under the Collateral Documents, or to evidence the release of such 
Guarantor from its obligations under the Guarantee and Collateral 
Agreement, in each case in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents 
and this Section 9.11.
 
Section 9.12.         Appointment of Supplemental Administrative Agents.
 
(a)           It is the purpose of this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents that there shall be no violation of any Law of any jurisdiction 
denying or restricting the right of banking corporations or associations to 
transact business as agent or trustee in such jurisdiction.  It is 
recognized that in case of litigation under this Agreement or any of the 
other Loan Documents, and in particular in case of the enforcement of any 
of the Loan Documents, or in case the Administrative Agent deems that by 
reason of any present or future Law of any jurisdiction it may not exercise 
any of the rights, powers or remedies granted herein or in any of the other 
Loan Documents or take any other action which may be desirable or necessary 
in connection therewith, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to 
appoint an additional individual or institution selected by the 
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion as a separate trustee, co- 
trustee, administrative agent, collateral agent, administrative sub-agent 
or administrative co- agent (any such additional individual or institution 
being referred to herein individually as a “Supplemental Administrative 
Agent” and collectively as “Supplemental Administrative Agents”).
 
(b)           In the event that the Administrative Agent appoints a 
Supplemental Administrative Agent with respect to any Collateral, (i) each 
and every right, power, privilege or duty expressed or intended by this 
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to be exercised by or vested 
in or conveyed to the Administrative Agent with respect to such Collateral 
shall be exercisable by and vest in such Supplemental Administrative Agent 
to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to enable such 
Supplemental Administrative Agent to exercise such rights, powers and 
privileges with respect to such Collateral and to perform such duties with 
respect to such Collateral, and every covenant and obligation contained in 
the Loan Documents and necessary to the exercise or performance thereof by 
such Supplemental Administrative Agent shall run to and be enforceable by 
either the Administrative Agent or such Supplemental Administrative Agent, 
and (ii) the provisions of this Article IX and of Sections 10.04 and 10.05 
that refer to the Administrative Agent shall inure to the benefit of such 
Supplemental Administrative Agent and all references therein to the 
Administrative Agent shall be deemed to be references to the Administrative 
Agent and/or such Supplemental Administrative Agent, as the context may 
require.
 
122
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)           Should any instrument in writing from any Loan Party be 
required by any Supplemental Administrative Agent so appointed by the 
Administrative Agent for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming 
to him or it such rights, powers, privileges and duties, the Borrowers 
shall, or shall cause such Loan Party to, execute, acknowledge and deliver 
any and all such instruments promptly upon request by the Administrative 
Agent.  In case any Supplemental Administrative Agent, or a successor 
thereto, shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all 
the rights, powers, privileges and duties of such Supplemental 
Administrative Agent, to the extent permitted by Law, shall vest in and be 
exercised by the Administrative Agent until the appointment of a new 
Supplemental Administrative Agent.
 
Section 9.13.         Other Secured Obligations.  Except as otherwise 
expressly set forth herein or in the Collateral Documents, no Hedge Bank or 
Cash Management Bank that obtains the benefits of Section 8.03, the 
guarantee under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or any Collateral by 
virtue of the provisions hereof or of any Collateral Document shall have 
any right to notice of any action or to consent to, direct or object to any 
action hereunder or under any other Loan Document or otherwise in respect 
of the Collateral (including the release or impairment of any Collateral) 
other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the 
extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents.  Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Article IX to the contrary, the Administrative Agent 
shall not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory 
arrangements have been made with respect to, Obligations arising under 
Secured Hedge Agreements or Cash Management Obligations unless the 
Administrative Agent has received written notice of such Obligations, 
together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may 
request, from the applicable Hedge Bank or Cash Management Bank.
 
ARTICLE X.
 
Miscellaneous
 
Section 10.01.      Amendments, etc.  Except as otherwise set forth in this 
Agreement, no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any 
other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Parent or any 
other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by 
the Required Lenders and the Parent or the applicable Loan Party, as the 
case may be, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the 
specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided 
that, no such amendment, waiver or consent shall:
 
(a)           extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender without the 
written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (it being 
understood that a waiver of any condition precedent set forth in Section 
4.02 or the waiver of any Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory 
reduction of the Commitments shall not constitute an extension or increase 
of any Commitment of any Lender);
 
(b)           postpone any date scheduled for, or reduce the amount of, any 
payment of principal or interest under Section 2.05 or 2.06 without the 
written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, it being 
understood that the waiver of (or amendment to the terms of)
 
123
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
any mandatory prepayment of the Loans shall not constitute a postponement 
of any date scheduled for the payment of principal or interest;
 
(c)           reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified 
herein on, any Loan, or (subject to clause (i) of the second proviso to 
this Section 10.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under 
any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly 
affected thereby; provided that only the consent of the Required Lenders 
shall be necessary to amend the definition of “Default Rate” or to waive 
any obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest at the Default Rate;
 
(d)           change any provision of this Section 10.01 or the definition 
of “Required Lenders”, “Required Facility Lenders” or “Pro Rata Share” or 
any other provision specifying the number of Lenders or portion of the 
Loans or Commitments required to take any action under the Loan Documents, 
without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (other 
than any Defaulting Lender);
 
(e)           other than in a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or 
Section 7.05, release all or substantially all of the Collateral in any 
transaction or series of related transactions, without the written consent 
of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender); or
 
(f)            other than in a transaction permitted under Section 7.04 or 
Section 7.05, release any material Guarantor, without the written consent 
of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender);
 
and provided, further, that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, 
unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank 
or the Swingline Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect 
the rights or duties of, or any fees or other amounts payable to, the 
Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case 
may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (ii) the 
consent of the Required Facility Lenders for the adversely affected Credit 
Facility shall be required with respect to any amendment that by its terms 
adversely affects the rights of Lenders under such Credit Facility in 
respect of payments hereunder in a manner different than such amendment 
affects other Credit Facilities.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing,
 
(g)           the Fee Letter may be amended by the parties thereto; and
 
(h)           this Agreement may be amended (or amended and restated) with 
the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and 
the Borrowers (i) to add one or more additional credit facilities to this 
Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time 
outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof 
to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents with the Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect 
thereof and (ii) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit 
facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders.
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 10.01, 
guarantees, collateral security documents and related documents executed by 
Loan Parties in connection with
 
124
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
this Agreement may be in a form reasonably determined by the Administrative 
Agent and may be, together with this Agreement, amended and Lenders’ rights 
thereunder waived with the consent of the Administrative Agent at the 
request of the Borrowers without the need to obtain the consent of any 
other Lender if such amendment or waiver is delivered in order (i) to 
comply with local Law or advice of local counsel, (ii) to cure ambiguities 
or defects or (iii) to cause such guarantee, collateral security document 
or other document to be consistent with this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents.
 
Section 10.02.      Notices and Other Communications; Facsimile Copies.
 
(a)           General.  Except in the case of notices and other 
communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as 
provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications 
provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or 
overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent 
by telecopier or electronic mail as follows, and all notices and other 
communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall 
be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows:
 
    (i)            if to the Parent, any Borrower or the Administrative
    Agent, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or
    telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02; and
     
    (ii)           if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier
    number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its
    Administrative Questionnaire.
     
Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, 
or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been 
given when received; notices and other communications sent by telecopier 
shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given 
during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have 
been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the 
recipient).  Notices and other communications delivered through electronic 
communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below shall be 
effective as provided in such subsection (b).
 
(b)           Electronic Communication.  Notices and other communications 
to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic 
communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant 
to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the 
foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II 
if such Lender, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that 
it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic 
communication.  The Administrative Agent, the Parent or any Borrower may, 
in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it 
hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by 
it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular 
notices or communications.
 
(c)           Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) 
notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed 
received upon the sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended 
recipient (such as by the “return receipt requested” function, as 
available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that 
if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal 
business hours of the recipient, such
 
125
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of 
business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or 
communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed 
received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail 
address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such 
notice or communication is available and identifying the website address 
therefor.
 
(d)           The Platform.  THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS 
AVAILABLE.”  THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE 
ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE 
PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM 
THE BORROWER MATERIALS.  NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR 
STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON- INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM 
VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM.  In no event shall the 
Administrative Agent or any of its Agent-Related Persons or the Arranger 
(collectively, the “Agent Parties”) have any liability to the Parent, any 
Borrower, any Lender, or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, 
liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or 
otherwise) arising out of the Borrowers’ or the Administrative Agent’s 
transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the 
extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are 
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and 
nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the bad faith, gross 
negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided, however, 
that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Parent, 
any Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for indirect, special, 
incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or 
actual damages).
 
(e)           Change of Address.  Each of the Parent, the Borrowers and the 
Administrative Agent may change its address, telecopier or telephone number 
for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other 
parties hereto.  Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier or 
telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice 
to the Parent and the Administrative Agent.  In addition, each Lender 
agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that 
the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact 
name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to 
which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire 
instructions for such Lender.  Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to 
cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at 
all times have selected the “Private Side Information” or similar 
designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to 
enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public 
Lender’s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States 
Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials 
that are not made available through the “Public Side Information” portion 
of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with 
respect to the Borrowers or their securities for purposes of United States 
Federal or state securities laws.
 
(f)            Reliance by the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative 
Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices 
purportedly given by or on behalf of
 
126
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the Parent or any Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a 
manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed 
by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as 
understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof.  The 
Borrowers shall indemnify the Administrative Agent each Lender and the 
Agent-Related Persons of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and 
liabilities resulting from the reliance in the absence of bad faith by such 
Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Parent or 
any Borrower.  All telephonic notices to and other telephonic 
communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the 
Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to 
such recording.
 
Section 10.03.      No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies.  No failure by any 
Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such 
Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or 
under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall 
any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege 
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of 
any other right, remedy, power or privilege.  The rights, remedies, powers 
and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan 
Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers 
and privileges provided by Law.
 
Section 10.04.      Attorney Costs and Expenses.  The Borrowers agree (a) 
to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the 
Syndication Agent and the Arranger for all reasonable and documented 
out-of-pocket Attorney Costs of Jones Day incurred in connection with the 
preparation, negotiation, syndication and execution of this Agreement and 
the other Loan Documents and any amendment, waiver, consent or other 
modification of the provisions hereof and thereof (whether or not the 
transactions contemplated thereby are consummated), and the consummation 
and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (b) 
to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the 
Arranger for all reasonable and documented appraisal fees, filing and 
search charges, recording taxes and Field Examination charges and expenses 
and (b) to pay or reimburse the Administrative Agent and the Lenders for 
all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in 
connection with the monitoring or enforcement of any rights or remedies 
under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (including all such costs 
and expenses incurred during any legal proceeding, including any proceeding 
under any Debtor Relief Law, and including all Attorney Costs of counsel to 
the Administrative Agent and the Lenders taken as a whole (and, if 
reasonably necessary, one local counsel in any relevant material 
jurisdiction).  The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the 
termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other 
Obligations.  All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be paid 
promptly following receipt by the Parent of an invoice relating thereto 
setting forth such expenses in reasonable detail.  If any Loan Party fails 
to pay when due any costs, expenses or other amounts payable by it 
hereunder or under any Loan Document, such amount may be paid on behalf of 
such Loan Party by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion.
 
Section 10.05.      Indemnification by the Borrowers.  The Borrowers shall 
indemnify and hold harmless the Agents, each Lender, the Arranger and their 
respective Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, partners, 
trustees or advisors and other representatives (collectively the “
Indemnitees”) from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, 
claims, and expenses (including Attorney Costs) of any kind or nature 
whatsoever which may at any time be
 
127
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any such Indemnitee in any way 
relating to or arising out of or in connection with (but limited, in the 
case of Attorney Costs, to the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket 
fees, disbursements and other charges of one counsel to all Indemnitees 
taken as a whole and, if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel for 
all Indemnitees taken as a whole in each relevant jurisdiction that is 
material to the interest of the Lenders) (a) the execution, delivery, 
enforcement, performance or administration of any Loan Document or any 
other agreement, letter or instrument delivered in connection with the 
transactions contemplated thereby or the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated thereby, (b) any Commitment, Loan or the use or proposed use 
of the proceeds therefrom, (c) any actual or alleged presence or release of 
Hazardous Materials on or from any property currently or formerly owned or 
operated by any Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other Loan Party, or any 
Environmental Liability related in any way to any Borrower, any Subsidiary 
or any other Loan Party or (d) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, 
investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based 
on contract, tort or any other theory (including any investigation of, 
preparation for, or defense of any pending or threatened claim, 
investigation, litigation or proceeding) and regardless of whether any 
Indemnitee is a party thereto (all the foregoing, collectively, the “
Indemnified Liabilities”); provided that such indemnity shall not, as to 
any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such liabilities, losses, 
damages, claims, and expenses resulted from (y) the gross negligence or 
willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (z) a material breach in bad faith 
of any material obligations under any Loan Document by such Indemnitee, in 
each case as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of 
competent jurisdiction.  To the extent that the undertakings to indemnify 
and hold harmless set forth in this Section 10.05 may be unenforceable in 
whole or in part because they are violative of any applicable law or public 
policy, each of the Borrowers shall contribute the maximum portion that it 
is permitted to pay and satisfy under applicable law to the payment and 
satisfaction of all Indemnified Liabilities incurred by the Indemnitees or 
any of them.  No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising from 
the use by others of any information or other materials obtained through 
IntraLinks or other similar information transmission systems in connection 
with this Agreement, nor shall any Indemnitee or any Loan Party have any 
liability for any special, punitive, indirect or consequential damages 
relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or arising out of its 
activities in connection herewith or therewith (whether before or after the 
Closing Date).  In the case of an investigation, litigation or other 
proceeding to which the indemnity in this Section 10.05 applies, such 
indemnity shall be effective whether or not such investigation, litigation 
or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party, its directors, stockholders or 
creditors or an Indemnitee or any other Person, whether or not any 
Indemnitee is otherwise a party thereto and whether or not any of the 
transactions contemplated hereunder or under any of the other Loan 
Documents is consummated.  All amounts due under this Section 10.05 shall 
be paid within twenty (20) Business Days after written demand therefor.  
The agreements in this Section 10.05 shall survive the resignation of the 
Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the 
Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all 
the other Obligations.  This Section 10.05 shall not apply with respect to 
Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. 
arising from any non-Tax claim.
 
Section 10.06.      Marshaling; Payments Set Aside.  None of the 
Administrative Agent or any Lender shall be under any obligation to marshal 
any assets in favor of the Loan Parties or any other party or against or in 
payment of any or all of the Obligations.  To the extent that any payment 
by or on behalf of the Borrowers is made to any Agent or any Lender, or any 
Agent or
 
128
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds 
of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to 
be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to 
any settlement entered into by such Agent or such Lender in its discretion) 
to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with 
any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the 
extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended 
to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as 
if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) 
each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand 
its applicable share of any amount so recovered from or repaid by any 
Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such 
payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate 
from time to time in effect.
 
Section 10.07.      Successors and Assigns.
 
(a)           The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and 
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors 
and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Parent and the Borrowers may 
not, except as permitted by Section 7.04, assign or otherwise transfer any 
of their respective rights or obligations hereunder without the prior 
written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender 
may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder 
except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection 
(b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the 
provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or 
assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection 
(f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any 
party hereto shall be null and void).  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed 
or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the 
parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, 
Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, 
to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Agent-Related Persons of 
each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable 
right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
 
(b)           Assignments by Lenders.  Any Lender may at any time assign to 
one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under 
this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans 
at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be 
subject to the following conditions:
 
    (i)            Minimum Amounts.
     
        (A)          in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining
        amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitment and the Loans at the
        time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an
        Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or during the occurrence
        and continuation of an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) or
        Section 8.01(f), no minimum amount need be assigned; and
         
        (B)          in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of
        this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment or, the
        principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender
        subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the
        Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is
 
129
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if “Trade Date” is
        specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date,
        shall not be less than $2,000,000 unless each of the Administrative
        Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is
        continuing, the Parent otherwise consents (each such consent not to
        be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, however, that
        concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and
        concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a
        single Eligible Assignee (or to an Eligible Assignee and members of
        its Assignee Group) will be treated as a single assignment for
        purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been met.
 
    (ii)           Proportionate Amounts.  Each partial assignment shall be
    made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning
    Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to
    the Loans or the Commitment under the Credit Facility assigned.
     
    (iii)          Required Consents.  No consent shall be required for any
    assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of
    this Section and, in addition:
     
        (A)          the consent of the Parent (such consent not to be
        unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an
        Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such
        assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a
        Lender or an Approved Fund;
         
        (B)          the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent
        not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required
        unless such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or
        an Approved Fund; and
         
        (C)          the consent of the Issuing Bank (such consent not to
        be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for any
        assignment in respect of the Revolving Facility.
         
    (iv)          Assignment and Assumption.  The parties to each
    assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an
    Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation
    fee of $3,500 (unless such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a
    Lender or an Approved Fund) and the forms required by Section 3.01(b)
    and (c) or Section 3.01(d) as applicable; provided that the
    Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such
    processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment.  The
    Eligible Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the
    Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.  All assignments
    shall be by novation.
     
    (v)           No Assignments to Certain Persons.  No such assignment
    shall be made (A) to the Parent, any Borrower or any of their
    respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates or to the Permitted Holders or
    their Affiliates or (B) to a natural person.
     
Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent 
pursuant to clause (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date 
specified in each Assignment and Assumption,
 
130
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the 
extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the 
rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning 
Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such 
Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this 
Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of 
the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such 
Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled 
to the benefits of Sections 3.01 (subject to the requirements thereof), 
3.04, 3.05, 10.04 and 10.05 with respect to facts and circumstances 
occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment).  Upon request, 
and the surrender by the assigning Lender of its Note, the Borrowers (at 
their expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender.  
Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this 
Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for 
purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in 
such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this 
Section.
 
(c)           The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a 
non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, shall maintain at the Administrative 
Agent’s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and 
a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, 
and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of and related interest 
amounts on the Loans, owing to each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof 
from time to time (the “Register”).  The entries in the Register shall, 
subject to clause (h) of this Section, be conclusive absent manifest error, 
and the Borrowers, the Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose 
name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender 
hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the 
contrary.  The Register shall be available for inspection by any Borrower, 
any Agent and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon 
reasonable prior notice.  This Section 10.07(c) and Section 2.09 shall be 
construed so that all Loans are at all times maintained in “registered 
form” within the meaning of Sections 163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the 
Code and any related Treasury regulations (or any other relevant or 
successor provisions of the Code or of such Treasury regulations).
 
(d)           Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice 
to, the Parent, any Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell 
participations to any Person (other than a natural person, a Borrower, the 
Permitted Holders, or any of their respective Affiliates or Subsidiaries) 
(each, a “Participant”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or 
obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its 
Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s 
obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender 
shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the 
performance of such obligations, and (iii) the Borrowers, the Agents and 
the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such 
Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations under this 
Agreement.  Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells 
such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole 
right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to approve 
any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or 
any other Loan Document; provided that such agreement or instrument may 
provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, 
agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first 
proviso to Section 10.01 (other than clause (d) thereof) that directly 
affects such Participant.  Subject to subsection (e) of this Section, the 
Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of 
Sections
 
131
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
3.01 (subject to the requirements of Section 3.01(b) and (c) or Section 
3.01(d), as applicable), 3.04 and 3.05 (through the applicable Lender) to 
the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by 
assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section.  To the extent 
permitted by applicable Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the 
benefits of Section 10.09 as though it were a Lender; provided that such 
Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.11 as though it were a 
Lender.
 
(e)           Limitations upon Participant Rights.  A Participant shall not 
be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01, 3.04 or 3.05 
than the participating Lender would have been entitled to receive with 
respect to the participation sold to such Participant, except to the extent 
such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change of Law 
that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation.  
Each Lender that sells a participation shall (acting solely for this 
purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers) maintain a register 
complying with the requirements of Sections 163(f), 871(h) and 881(c)(2) of 
the Code and the Treasury regulations issued thereunder relating to the 
exemption from withholding for portfolio interest on which is entered the 
name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts of and 
stated interest on each Participant’s interest in the Loans or other 
obligations under this Agreement (the “Participant Register”).  A Lender 
shall not be obligated to disclose all or any portion of the Participant 
Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information 
relating to a Participant’s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of 
credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person 
except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to establish that any 
Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of 
the United States Treasury regulations.  The entries in the Participant 
Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall 
treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the 
owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement 
notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.  For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall 
have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register.
 
(f)            Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security 
interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement 
(including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, 
including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal 
Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such 
Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee 
or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
 
Section 10.08.      Confidentiality.  Each of the Administrative Agent and 
the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information in 
accordance with its customary procedures (as set forth below), except that 
Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its 
Affiliates’ respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, 
trustees, advisors and representatives on a need-to-know basis (it being 
understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be 
informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to 
keep such Information confidential in accordance with this Section 10.08), 
(b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have 
jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the 
National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent 
required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar 
legal process, provided that the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as 
applicable, agrees that it will notify
 
132
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the Parent as soon as practicable in the event of any such disclosure by 
such Person (other than at the request of a regulatory authority) unless 
such notification is prohibited by law, rule or regulation, (d) to any 
other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies 
hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding 
relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of 
rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing 
provisions at least as restrictive as those of this Section 10.08, to (i) 
any permitted assignee of or Participant in, or any permitted prospective 
assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this 
Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be an Additional Lender or 
(ii) any actual or prospective direct or indirect counterparty (or its 
advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrowers 
and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the Parent, (h) to any rating 
agency when required by it (it being understood that, prior to any such 
disclosure, such rating agency shall undertake to preserve the 
confidentiality of any Information relating to the Loan Parties received by 
it from such Lender in accordance with this Section 10.08) or (i) to the 
extent such Information (i) becomes publicly available other than as a 
result of a breach of this Section or (ii) becomes available to the 
Administrative Agent, any Lender, or any of their respective Affiliates on 
a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Parent, any Borrower 
or any Subsidiary, and which source is not known by such Agent or Lender to 
be subject to a confidentiality restriction in respect thereof in favor of 
the Parent or any Affiliate thereof.
 
For purposes of this Section, “Information” means all information received 
from any Loan Party or any Subsidiary (or from any representative or agent 
of such Loan Party or Subsidiary) thereof relating to any Loan Party or any 
Subsidiary thereof or their respective businesses, other than any such 
information that is available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender on 
a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by any Loan Party or any 
Subsidiary thereof; it being understood that all information received from 
the Parent, any Borrower or any Subsidiary after the Closing Date shall be 
deemed confidential unless such information is clearly identified at the 
time of delivery as not being confidential.  Any Person required to 
maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 
shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so in 
accordance with its customary procedures if such Person has exercised the 
same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as 
such Person would accord to its own confidential information.
 
Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders acknowledges that (a) the 
Information may include material non-public information concerning a 
Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed 
compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information 
and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance 
with applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities 
Laws.
 
Section 10.09.      Setoff.  If an Event of Default shall have occurred and 
be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized 
at any time and from time to time, after obtaining the prior written 
consent of the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, to setoff and apply any and all deposits (general or 
special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency, but 
excluding payroll, employee benefits, tax, trust and other fiduciary 
deposit accounts) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever 
currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for 
the credit or the account of any Borrower or any other Loan Party against 
any and all of the Obligations of such Borrower or such Loan Party now or 
hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such 
Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any 
demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the extent such 
Obligations of such
 
133
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Borrower or such Loan Party are then due and payable.  The rights of each 
Lender and its Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other 
rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or 
its Affiliates may have.  Each Lender agrees to notify the Parent and the 
Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, 
provided that the failure to give such notice to the Parent shall not 
affect the validity of such setoff and application.
 
Section 10.10.      Interest Rate Limitation.  Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to 
be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of 
non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the “Maximum Rate”).  If 
any Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds 
the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of 
the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the 
applicable Borrower.  In determining whether the interest contracted for, 
charged, or received by an Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such 
Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any 
payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than 
interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and 
(c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the 
total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the 
Obligations hereunder.
 
Section 10.11.      Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness.  This 
Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto 
in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but 
all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract.  This 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among 
the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all 
previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the 
subject matter hereof.  This Agreement shall become effective when the 
closing conditions set forth in Section 4.01 shall have been satisfied or 
waived.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this 
Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging means shall be effective 
as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement.
 
Section 10.12.      Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other 
Documents.  The words “execution,” “signed,” “signature,” and words of like 
import in any Assignment and Assumption or in any amendment or other 
modification hereof (including waivers and consents) shall be deemed to 
include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, 
each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability 
as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping 
system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any 
applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and 
National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records 
Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic 
Transactions Act.
 
Section 10.13.      Survival of Representations and Warranties.  All 
representations and warranties made hereunder and (i) any other Loan 
Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in 
connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery 
hereof and thereof.  Such representations and warranties have been or will 
be relied
 
134
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any 
investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their 
behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may 
have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Borrowing, 
and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any 
other Obligation (other than (x) obligations and liabilities under Secured 
Hedge Agreements as to which arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the 
applicable Hedge Bank shall have been made, (y) contingent indemnification 
obligations not yet accrued and payable and (z) Cash Management 
Obligations) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied.
 
Section 10.14.      Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement or 
the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, 
(a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions 
of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or 
impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith 
negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions 
with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as 
possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions.  The 
invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate 
or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 
Section 10.15.      GOVERNING LAW.
 
(a)           THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED 
BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 
(b)           THE PARENT, EACH BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, EACH 
OTHER AGENT AND EACH LENDER EACH IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, 
FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF 
THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY IN THE BOROUGH OF MANHATTAN 
AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW 
YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING 
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR 
FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES 
HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF 
ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK 
STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH 
FEDERAL COURT.  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN 
ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN 
OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED 
BY LAW.  EACH PARTY HERETO AGREES THAT THE AGENTS AND LENDERS RETAIN THE 
RIGHT TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY LAW OR TO BRING 
PROCEEDINGS AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY IN THE COURTS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE EXERCISE OF ANY RIGHTS UNDER ANY COLLATERAL DOCUMENT 
OR THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT.
 
135
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(c)           THE PARENT, EACH BORROWER, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, EACH 
OTHER AGENT AND EACH LENDER EACH IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO 
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY 
NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING 
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN 
ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF THIS SECTION.  EACH OF THE 
PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED 
BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE 
OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.
 
Section 10.16.      WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.  EACH PARTY HERETO 
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING 
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY 
OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY 
(WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO 
(A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON 
HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, 
IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO 
ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER 
THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
 
Section 10.17.      Termination.  This Agreement (other than the provisions 
that expressly state that they shall survive termination of this Agreement) 
shall terminate upon payment in full of the Obligations (other than (x) 
obligations and liabilities under Secured Hedge Agreements as to which 
arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the applicable Hedge Bank shall 
have been made, (y) contingent indemnification obligations not yet accrued 
and payable and (z) Cash Management Obligations).
 
Section 10.18.      Lender Action.  Each Lender agrees that it shall not 
take or institute any actions or proceedings, judicial or otherwise, for 
any right or remedy against any Loan Party under any of the Loan Documents, 
the Secured Hedge Agreements or the documentation in respect of any Cash 
Management Obligations (including the exercise of any right of setoff, 
rights on account of any banker’s lien or similar claim or other rights of 
self-help), or institute any actions or proceedings, or otherwise commence 
any remedial procedures, with respect to any Collateral or any other 
property of any such Loan Party, without the prior written consent of the 
Administrative Agent (which shall not be withheld in contravention of 
Section 9.04).  The provision of this Section 10.18 are for the sole 
benefit of the Lenders and shall not afford any right to, or constitute a 
defense available to, any Loan Party.
 
Section 10.19.      Use of Name, Logo, etc.  The Administrative Agent or 
either Arranger shall provide for approval to any Loan Party advance proofs 
of advertising material relating to the financing transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement that such Agent or Arranger proposes
 
136
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
to use and that incorporate or use such Loan Party’s name, product 
photographs, logo or trademark.  Each such Loan Party agrees that its 
consent to the publication in the ordinary course of such material will not 
be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and, provided, such Loan Party shall 
be deemed to have consented thereto unless it shall object thereto by 
written notice within five (5) Business Days after having received notice 
thereof.  Such consent shall remain effective until revoked by such Loan 
Party in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Arranger.
 
Section 10.20.      USA PATRIOT Act Notice.  Each Lender that is subject to 
the USA PATRIOT Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on 
behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the 
requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and 
record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information 
includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that 
will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to 
identify each Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act.  The 
Borrowers shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent 
or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the 
Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its 
ongoing obligations under applicable “know your customer” and anti-money 
laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act.
 
Section 10.21.      Service of Process.  EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY 
CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN 
SECTION 10.02.  NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY 
PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW.
 
Section 10.22.      No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility.  In connection 
with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in 
connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of 
any other Loan Document), the Parent and each Borrower acknowledges and 
agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates’ understanding, that:  (i) (A) the 
arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the 
Agents and the Arranger are arm’s-length commercial transactions between 
the Parent and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative 
Agents and the Arranger, on the other hand, (B) the Parent and each 
Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax 
advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrowers are 
capable of evaluating, and understand and accept, the terms, risks and 
conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan 
Documents; (ii) (A) the Agents, the Arranger and each Lender is and has 
been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in 
writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be 
acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Parent, any Borrower or 
any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) none of the 
Agents, the Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to the Parent, any 
Borrower or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the 
transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set 
forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Agents, the 
Arranger, the Lender and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a 
broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those 
of the Parent, the Borrowers and their respective Affiliates, and none of 
the Agents, the Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any 
of such interests to the Parent, any Borrower or any of their respective 
Affiliates.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Parent and each 
Borrower hereby waive and release any claims that it may have against the
 
137
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Agents, the Arranger nor any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged 
breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any 
transaction contemplated hereby.
 
[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
 
138
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed under seal as of the date first above written.
 
 
 ADVANCED FORMING TECHNOLOGY, INC.,
 as a Borrower
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
 
Name:
Drew M. Kelley
 
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
 
ARC WIRELESS, INC., as a Borrower
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
 
Name:
Drew M. Kelley
 
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
 
FLOMET LLC, as a Borrower
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
 
Name:
Drew M. Kelley
 
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
 
GENERAL FLANGE & FORGE LLC, as a Borrower
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
 
Name:
Drew M. Kelley
 
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
 
TEKNA SEAL LLC, as a Borrower
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
 
Name:
Drew M. Kelley
 
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
 
 3D MATERIAL TECHNOLOGIES, LLC, as a
 Borrower
 
  
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
 
Name:
Drew M. Kelley
 
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
[Signature Page to Credit Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
 QUADRANT METALS TECHNOLOGIES LLC,
 as a Borrower
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
 
Name:
Drew M. Kelley
 
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
 
ARC GROUP WORLDWIDE, INC., as the Parent
 
By:
/s/ Drew M. Kelley
 
 
Name:
Drew M .Kelley
 
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
[Signature Page to Credit Agreement]
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
RBS CITIZENS, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent and as a 
Lender
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Clifford Mellor
 
 
Name:
Clifford Mellor
 
 
Title:
Senior Vice President
 
[Signature Page to Credit Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
 CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Syndication Agent and as a Lender
 
  
 
By:
 /s/ Andrew J. Bella
 
 
Name:
Andrew J. Bella
 
 
Title:
Senior Vice President
 
[Signature Page to Credit Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Eric Sebille
 
 
Name: Eric Sebille
 
 
Title: Vice President
 
[Signature Page to Credit Agreement]
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------