 EX-10.24 4 bmaq_ex10z25.htm LEASE
EXHIBIT 10.25



 INDEX TO SHOPPING CENTER LEASE
 BOCARAY PLAZA

ARTICLE I - GRANT AND TERM
Page
Section 1.00 Basic Provisions and Definitions
 1
Section 1.01 Leased Premises
 2
Section 1.02 Use of Additional Areas
2
 2
Section 1.03 Commencement and Ending Date of Term
2
Section 1.04 Length of Term
'
  2
Section 1.05 Failure of Tenant lo Open
 2
Section 1.06 Excuse of Owners Performance
 2

 ARTICLE II - RENT
Section 2.01 Minimum Rent
3
Section 2.02 Percentage Rent
 3
Section 2.03 Gross Receipts Defined
 3
Section 2.04 Taxes
 4
Section 2.05 Additional Rent
 4
Section 2.06 Past Due Rent and Additional Rent
4
Section 2.07 Security
 4

 ARTICLE ill - RECORDS AND BOOKS OF ACCOUNT
Section 3.01 Tenant's Records
 5
Section 3.02 Reports by Tenant
 5

 ARTICLE IV - AUDIT
Section 4.01 Right to Examine Books
 .5
Section 4.02 Audit
  5

 ARTICLE V - CONSTRUCTION. ALTERATION RELOCATION AND FINANCING OF
 IMPROVEMENTS AND ADDITIONS THERETO
Section 5.01 Owners Obligation
  5
Section 5.02 Parking Facilities
 6
Section 5.03 Changes and Additions to Building
 6
Section 5.04 Right to Relocate
 6
Section 5.05 Completion Dale; Cancellation
6

 ARTICLE VI - CONDUCT OF BUSINESS DY TENANT
Section 6.01 Use of Premises
 6
Section 6.02 Operation of Business
 6
Section 6.03 Competition
 7

 ARTICLE VII - OPERATION OF CONSESSIONS
Section 7.01 Consent of Owner
7

 ARTICLE VIII - SECURITY DEPOSIT
Section 8 01 Amount of Deposit
 7
Section 0.02 Use and Return of Deposit
7
Section 8.03 Transfer al Deposit
 7

 ARTICLE IX - PARKING AND COMMON USE AREAS AND FACIUTIES
Section 9 01 Control of Common Areas by Owner
 7
Section 9.02 License
 8

 ARTICLE X - COST OF MAINTENANCE OF
 COMMON AREAS
Section 10.01 Cost of Maintenance of Common Areas
8

 ARTICLE XI - SIGNS, AWNINGS, CANOPIES, FIXTURES, ALTERATIONS
Section 11.01 Installation by Tenant
 9
Section 11.02 Removal and Restoration by Tenant
 9
Section 11.03 Tenant Shall Discharge All Liens
 9
Section 11.04 Signs
 9

 ARTICLE XII - MAINTENANCE OF LEASED PREMISES
Section 12.01 Maintenance by Tenant
 9
Section 12.02 Maintenance by Owner
 9
Section 12.03 Surrender of Premises
 9
Section 12.04 Rules and Regulations
 10

 ARTICLE XIII - INSURANCE AND INDEMNITY
Section 13 01 Liability Insurance
 10
Section 13.02 Increase in Fire Insurance Premium
 10
Section 13.03 Indemnification of Owner
 10
Section 13.04 Plate Glass
 10
 
ARTICLE XIV - UTILITIES
Page
Section 14.01 Utility Charges
 10

 ARTICLE XV - OFFSET STATEMENT, ATTORNMENT AND SUBORDINATION
Section 15 Al Offset Statement
 11
Section 15.02 Attornment
11
Section 15.03 Subordination
 11
Section 15.04 Attorney-in-Fact
. 11

 ARTICLE XVI - ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING
Section 16_01 Consent Required
 11
Section 16.02 Corporate Ownership
 11

 ARTICLE XVII - WASTE, GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS
Section 17.01 Waste or Nuisance
 12
Section 17.02 Government Regulations
 12

 ARTICLE XVIII - ADVERTISING AND MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION
Section 18.01 Merchants' Association
 12
Section 18.02 Change of Name
 12
Section 18.03 Solicitation of Business
 12

 ATICLE XIX - DESTRUCTION OF LEASED PREMISES
Section 19.01 Total or Partial Destruction
 12
Section 19.02 Partial Destruction of Shopping Cantor
 13

 ARTICLE XX - EMINENT DOMAIN
Section 20 01 Total Condemnation of Leased Premises
 13
Section 20.02 Partial Condemnation
 13
Section 20.03 Total Condemnation of Parking Area
 13
Section 20 04 Owner's Damages
 13
Section 20.05 Tenant's Damages
 13
Section 20.06 Condemnation of Less than a Fee
 13

 ARTICLE XXI - DEFAULT OF THE TENANT
Section 21.01 Right to Re-enter
 14
Section 21.02 Right to Relet
 14
Section 21.03 Legal Expenses
 14
Section 21.04 Waiver of Jury Trial and Counterclaims
 15
Section 21.05 Waiver of Rights lo Redemption
 15

 ARTICLE XXII - ACCESS BY OWNER
Section 22.01 Right of Entry
 15
Section 2202 Excavation
15

 ARTICLE XXIII - TENANT'S PROPERTY
Section 23 01 Taxes on Leasehold
15
Section 23.02 (Toss and Damage
 15
Section 23.03 Notice by Tenant
 15

 ARTICLE XXIV HOLDING OVER, SUCCESSORS
Section 24.01 Holding Over
 15
Section 24.02 Successors
 16

 ARTICLE XXV - QUIET ENJOYMENT
Section 25 01 Owner's Covenant
 16

 ARTICLE XXVI – MISCELLANEOUS
Section 26 01 Waiver
16
Section 26.02 Accord and Satisfaction
16
Section 26.03 Entire Agreement
16
Section 26.04 No Partnership
16
Section 26.05 Force Majeure
16
Section 26.06 Notice
17
Section 26.07 Captions and Section Numbers
17
Section 26.08 Tenant Defined, Use of Pronoun
17
Section 26 09 Broker's Commission
17
Section 26.10 Partial Invalidity
17
Section 26.11 No Option
17
Section 26.12 Recording
 17
Section 26 13 Outside Displays
 17
Section 26.14 Exculpation
 17

 ARTICLE XXVII - RULES AND REGULATIONS
Section 27.01 Rules and Regulations
18
SIGNATURE PAGE
 19
ADDENDUM A
 20
SIGNATURE PAGE
 21
EXHIBIT "A"
 22
EXHIBIT "B"
 23
EXHIBIT "C"
 24
EXHIBIT “D”
25
EXHIBIT "E"
27
EXHIBIT “E1”
 29
EXHIBIT “F”
30




------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


 SHOPPING CENTER LEASE
 FOR
 BOCARAY PLAZA


 THIS INDENTURE OF LEASE by and between   BRP PROPERTIES, A FLORIDA GENERAL
 PARTNERSHIP (hereinafter referred to as "Owner"), and BRIGHT MOUNTAIN LLC,
 A FLORIDA LIMITED LIABILITY CORP.,  (hereinafter referred to as "Tenant")

  
 WITNESSETH: That as consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements
 herein contained, it is agreed by and between Owner and Tenant as follows.


 ARTICLE I
 GRANT AND TERM


 Section 1.00 BASIC PROVISIONS AND DEFINITION'S. This Section 1.00 is an
 integral part of this lease and all of the terms hereof are Incorporated
 into this lease in all respects. In addition to the other provisions which
 are elsewhere defined in this lease, the following, whenever used in this
 lease, shall have the meaning set forth in this Section, and only such
 meanings, unless such meanings are expressly contradicted,

 limited or expanded elsewhere herein:


(a) DATE OF LEASE:
 AUGUST 15,  2014


(b) OWNER'S MAILING ADDRESS:
 C/O BRINWO DEVELOPMENT CORP, 150 SOUTH UNIVERSITY DRIVE, SUITE D,
 PLANTATION,  FLORIDA 33324


(c)
TENANT'S MAILING ADDRESS:
 6400 CONGRESS AVE., SUITE 2250, BOCA RATON, FL 33487


(d)
GUARANTOR AND ADDRESS:
 N/A


(e)
TENANTS TRADE NAME (Sec. 6.01):
 BRIGHT MOUNTAIN LLC, A FLORIDA LIMITED LIABILITY CORP.


(f)
SECURITY DEPOSIT (sec. 8.01):
 $3,864.81


(g)
 DEMISED PREMISES (Sec. 1.01): As shown on Exhibit A.  


BUILDING:  BOCA RAY PLAZA
 SPACE NO: BAY  17A


FRONTAGE: approximately      20 feet    
 DEPTH: approximately IRREGULAR feet


 GROSS LEASABLE AREA OF THE DEMISED PREMISES: approximately  2,150  square
 feet.


(h)
 LEASE TERM (Sec. 1.04):   THREE (3) YEARS.  The commencement date of Lease
 Term is:  THE LEASE COMMENCEMENT DATE AND LEASE EXPIRATION DATE SHALL BE
 ESTABLISHED BY SEPARATE ADDENDU.
(i)
FIXED MINIMUM RENT (Sec. 2.01): $________
per annum for the first lease year, payable in equal Installments, in 
advance at the rate of $______per month, and adjusted as defined thereafter 
herein  (SEE LEASE ADDENDUM “A’)


(j) PERCENTAGE RENT RATE (Sec. 2.02):  
%) percent


 (k) PERCENTAGE RENT PERIOD (Sec 2 02):  


 (l) PERMITTED USE (Sec. 6.01): RETAIL / ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICES

 Nothing herein shall be construed to indicate any intent upon the part of
 Owner to restrict the price or prices at which Tenant may sell any goods
 permitted to be sold under any uses specified.



(m)
 TAX CHARGE: To be determined and paid in accordance with Section 2.04.


(n)
 COMMON AREA CHARGE: To be determined and paid in accordance with Section
 10.01.






1



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445




(0)  MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION DUES OR MARKETING CHARGES: $  
per annum, payable in


equal installments, in advance, at the rate of $       
  per month, subject to adjustments.


 (p) EXHIBITS: The Exhibits attached to this lease are hereby incorporated
 in and made a part of this lease.
EXHIBIT A:
 FLOOR PLAN (1)

EXHIBIT B:
 FLOOR PLAN (2)

EXHIBIT C:
 SITE PLAN

EXHIBIT D:
 CONSTRUCTION PLAN

EXHIBIT E:
 TENANT OUTDOOR SIGN SPECIFICATIONS

EXHIBIT E1:
 TENANT SIGN LOCATION

EXHIBIT F:
 HVAC MAINTNANCE PROVISIONS


 (q) ADDENDA “A”
 SECTION 1.01 Leased Premises.
 In consideration of the rents, covenants and agreements hereinafter
 reserved and contained on the part of Tenant to be observed and performed,
 the Owner demises and leases to the Tenant, and Tenant rents from Owner,
 those certain premises, now or hereafter to be erected in the BOCARAY 
 PLAZA SHOPPING CENTER, (herein called the "Shopping Center") in DELRAY 
 BEACH  (City) PALM BEACH (County) FLORIDA (State), which premises consist
 of a store having interior measurements of 20  feet in width measured from
 center of wall to center of wall and IRREGULAR  feet in depth measured
 from wall exterior to wall exterior and  containing an area of
 approximately 2,150 square feet, herein called the "leased premises". The
 boundaries and location of the leased premises are outlined in red on the
 site plan of the Shopping Center, which is marked Exhibit "A" attached
 hereto and made a part hereof.

 SECTION 1.02 Use of Additional Areas.
 The use and occupation by the Tenant of the leased premises shall include
 the use in common with others entitled thereto of the common areas,
 employees' parking areas, service roads, loading facilities, sidewalks and
 customer car parking areas, shown and depicted on Exhibit "A", and other
 facilities as may be designated from time to time by the Owner, subject
 however to the terms and conditions of this agreement and to reasonable
 rules and regulations for the use thereof as prescribed from time to time
 by the Owner. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as a grant or
 rental by Owner to Tenant of the roof and exterior walls of the building
 or buildings, of which the demised premises form a part, or of the walks
 and other common areas beyond the demised premises.

 SECTION 1.03 Commencement and Ending Date of Term.
 The term of this lease and Tenant's obligation to pay rent hereunder shall
 commence upon: (a) the date thirty (30) days after the day Owner, notifies
 Tenant in writing that the leased premises are ready for occupancy; or (b)
 the date on which Tenant shall open the leased premises for business to
 the public, whichever of said dates shall first occur. The term of this
 lease shall end on the last day of the consecutive full lease year as said
 term "lease year" is hereinafter defined.

 SECTION 1.04. Length of Term

 The term of this lease shall be for three (3) years following the
 commencement of the term as provided in Section 1.03 hereof.
 The term "lease year" as used herein shall mean a period of twelve (12)
 consecutive full calendar months. The first year shall begin on the date
 of commencement of the term hereof if the date of commencement of the term
 hereof shall occur on the first day of a calendar month; if not, then the
 first lease year shall commence upon the first day of the calendar month
 next following the date of commencement of the term hereof. Each
 succeeding lease year shall commence upon the anniversary date of the
 first lease year.

 SECTION 1.05. Failure of Tenant to Open.
 In the event that the Owner notifies the Tenant that the leased premises
 are ready for occupancy as herein defined and the Tenant fails to take
 possession and to open the leased premises for business fully fixtured,
 stocked and staffed within the time herein provided, then the Owner shall
 have in addition to any and all remedies herein provided the right at its
 option to collect the minimum rent herein provided.

 SECTION 1.06. Excuse of Owner's Performance.

 Any thing in this agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, providing
 such cause is not due to the willful act or neglect of the Owner, the
 Owner shall not be deemed in default with respect to the performance of
 any of the terms, covenants and conditions of this lease if same shall be
 due to any strike, lockout, civil commotion, war-like operation, invasion,
 rebellion, hostilities, military or usurped power, sabotage, governmental
 regulations or controls, inability to obtain any material, service or
 financing, through Act of God or other cause beyond the control of the
 Owner.





2



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445




 ARTICLE II

 RENT

 SECTION 2.01. Minimum Rent. (SEE LEASE ADDENDUM “A”)

 Tenant agrees to pay to Owner at the office of Owner, or at such other
 place designated by Owner, without any prior demand therefore and without
 any deduction or set-off whatsoever, and as fixed minimum rent; an
 aggregate of $______   payable as follows:


(a)
 The sum of $___________in advance upon the first day of each calendar
 month of (each lease year) (the first through the _______________lease
 year inclusive); and

(b)
 The sum of $___________in advance upon the first day of each calendar
 month of the _____________lease year through the ___________ lease year
 inclusive; and

(c)
 The sum of $ __________ in advance upon the first day of each calendar
 month for the _________________ lease year through the
 __________________lease year inclusive.



 If the term shall commence upon a day other than the first day of a
 calendar month, then Tenant shall pay, upon the commencement date of the
 term, a pro-rata portion of the fixed monthly rent described in the
 foregoing clause (a) prorated on a per diem basis with respect to the
 fractional calendar month preceding the commencement of the first lease
 year hereof.

 SECTION 2.02. Percentage Rent.

(a)
 In addition to the fixed minimum rent aforesaid, Tenant agrees to pay to
 Owner, in the manner and upon the conditions and at the time hereinafter
 set forth during each lease year, and as percentage rent hereunder, a sum
 equivalent to the amount, if any, by which per cent (  %) of the gross
 receipts, as hereinafter defined, exceeds the fixed minimum rent payable
 during a lease year. Said percentage rent shall be payable as hereinafter
 provided al the office of Owner or at such other place as Owner may
 designate without any prior demand therefore and, expect as provided in
 clause (b) of this section, without any set-off or deduction whatsoever.
(b)
 Said percentage rent shall be paid annually. The first payment of
 percentage rent shall be paid on or before the thirtieth (30th) day after
 the last day of the first lease year of the term hereof, and another
 payment of percentage rent shall be paid on or before the thirtieth day
 after the end of each successive year thereafter. The amount of each
 payment of percentage rent shall be equal to the amount, if any, by which
 the percentage (described in the foregoing clause (a) of this section) of
 the gross receipts for the immediately preceding year exceeds the fixed
 minimum rent for a lease year. If, at the end of any lease year, the total
 amount of rent paid by Tenant exceeds the total amount of fixed and
 percentage rent required to be paid by Tenant during such lease year.
 Tenant shall receive a credit equivalent to such excess which shall be
 refunded to Tenant within thirty (30) days following Owner's receipt of
 Tenant's statement of Gross Sales covering the preceding lease year.

(c)
 For the purpose of computing the percentage rent hereunder with respect to
 the first lease year of the term hereof, the gross receipts received
 during the first fractional calendar month, If any, of the term hereof
 shall be added to the gross receipts for the first month of the first
 lease year of the term hereof.

 SECTION 2.03. Gross Receipts Defined.

 The term "gross receipt" as used herein is hereby defined to mean receipts
 from gross sates of Tenant and of all licensees, concessionaries and
 tenants of Tenant) from all business conducted upon or from the leased
 premises by Tenant and all others, and whether such sales be evidenced by
 check, credit, charge account, exchange or otherwise, and shall include.
 but not be limited to. the amounts received from the sale of goods, wares
 and merchandise and for services performed on or at the leased premises,
 together with the amount of all orders taken or received at the leased
 premises, whether such orders be filled from the leased premises or
 elsewhere, and whether such sales be made by means of merchandise or other
 vending devices in the leased premises. II any one or more departments or
 other divisions of Tenant's business shall be sublet by Tenant or
 conducted by any person, firm or corporation other than Tenant, then there
 shall be included in gross receipts for the purpose of fixing the
 percentage rent payable hereunder all the gross sales of such departments
 or divisions, whether such sales be made at the leased premises or
 elsewhere, in the same manner and with the same effect as if the business
 or sales of such departments and divisions of Tenant's business had been
 conducted by Tenant itself. Gross sales shall not include sales of
 merchandise for which cash has been refunded, or allowances made on 
 merchandise claimed to be defective or unsatisfactory, provided they shall
 have been included in gross sales; and there shall be deducted from gross
 sales the sales price of merchandise returned by customers for exchange,
 provided that the sales price of merchandise delivered to the customer in
 exchange shall be Included in gross sales. Gross receipts shall not
 include the amount of any sales, use or gross receipts tax imposed by
 federal, state, municipal or governmental authority directly on sales and
 collected from customers, provided that the amount thereof is added to the
 selling price or absorbed therein,. and paid by the Tenant to such
 governmental authority. No franchise or capital stock tax and no income or
 similar tax based upon income or profits as such shall be deducted from
 gross receipts in any event whatever. Each charge or sale upon Installment
 or credit shall be treated as a sale for the full price in the month
 during which such charge or sale shall be made, irrespective of the time
 when Tenant shall receive payment (whether full or partial) therefore.





3



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445




 SECTION 2.04. Taxes.

(a)
 Tenant, beginning with the first Lease year, shall pay a full prorata
 share of the real property taxes levied and assessed against the land and
 Improvements of which the leased premises form a part. Without thereby
 waiving Tenant's liability for its entire proportionate share of such
 Taxes due and until Owner receives the next notice of assessment or tax
 bill, Tenant shall pay to Owner, monthly, in advance, as additional rent, 
 an estimated Tax Charge for the first lease year and each subsequent lease
 year, as determined by Owner, as Tenant's share of such Taxes, subject to
 further adjustment when the amount of such Taxes shall be determined.
 Prior to the commencement of the term of this lease, Owner shall estimate
 Tenant’s Tax Charge payable on and after the date during the first lease
 year and shall notify Tenant of the amount thereof. If the amount of such
 monthly payments paid by Tenant exceeds the actual amount thereafter due,
 the overpayment shall be credited on Tenant's next succeeding payment. If
 the amount of such monthly payments paid by Tenant shall be less than the
 actual amount due, Tenant shall pay to Owner the difference between the
 amount paid by Tenant and Tenant's actual Tax Charge due. If any mortgagee
 or ground lessor of Owner should require real property tax escrow
 deposits, in advance of the due date, then Tenant shall deposit with
 Owner, in advance, its share of such Taxes. Any fiscal tax year or years
 commencing during any lease year hereof shall be deemed to correspond to
 such lease year, except that with respect to the first and last lease
 years of the term of this lease the Taxes for the then current fiscal tax
 year or years and the Taxes payable by Tenant shall be prorated from the
 commencement date and to the end of the last lease year, as to which
 Tenant's obligation shall survive the expiration of the term hereof. Owner
 shall have the right, if permitted by law, to make installment payments of
 any assessments levied against the Shopping Center, and in such event
 Tenant's Taxes shall be computed upon the installments and interest
 thereon paid by Owner in each lease year. Owner shall have the sole,
 absolute and unrestricted right, but not the obligation, to contest the
 validity or amount of the Taxes by Appropriate proceedings, and if Owner
 shall institute any such contest on its own volition, it shall have the
 sole, absolute and unrestricted right to settle any contest, proceeding or
 action upon whatever terms Owner may, in its sole discretion, determine.
 In the event Owner receives any refund or such Taxes (and provided Tenant
 is not then in default of any of the terms of this lease) Owner shall
 credit such proportion of such refund as shall be allocable to payment of
 Taxes actually made by Tenant (less costs, expenses and attorney's fees)
 against the next succeeding payments of Taxes due from Tenant or if
 received during the last lease year Owner will refund the same to Tenant
 within thirty (30) days following the expiration of the Lease Term. Tenant
 acknowledges that the calculation of the estimated Tax Charge is not a
 representation or warranty on the part of Owner as to the actual amount of
 Tenant's Tax Charge and Tenant acknowledges that Tenant has not relied
 thereon in any respect in entering into this lease. Tenant further
 acknowledges that any statement of an estimated Tax Charge provided by
 Owner to Tenant in accordance herewith is solely a means of convenience
 for administrative purposes and that the actual Tax Charge may vary
 substantially therefrom. Tenant's Tax Charge shall be computed and
 determined as a fraction of the total Taxes. The numerator of such
 fraction shall be the Gross Leasable Area of the Demised Premises and the
 denominator of such fraction shall be the Gross Leasable Area in the
 Shopping Center as the same may exist from time to time.

(b)
 With respect to any Taxes for which Tenant is responsible hereunder, a
 copy of an official tax bill submitted by Owner to Tenant shall be
 conclusive evidence of the amount of Taxes assessed or levied, as well as
 the items taxed.
(c)
 In the event of any dispute, Tenant shall pay the Tax Charge (or estimated
 Tax Charge, as the case may be) in accordance with the applicable bill or
 statement, and such payment shall be without prejudice to Tenant’s
 position. If the dispute shall be decided in the Tenant's favor, by
 agreement or otherwise, Owner shall pay to Tenant the amount of Tenant's
 overpayment resulting from compliance with such bill or statement.

(d)
 Tenant shall pay, in addition to the Rent, Percentage Rent and Additional
 Rent, any Sales Tax assessed thereon.

 SECTION 2.05  Additional Rent.
 The Tenant shall pay as additional rent any money required to be paid
 pursuant to Sections 2.04, 10.01, 12.01, 12.02, 13.01,13.02, 13.04 and
 14.01 and all other sums of money or charges required to be paid by Tenant
 under this lease whether or not the same be designated additional rent. If
 such amounts or charges are not paid at the time provided in this lease,
 they shall nevertheless, if not when due, be collected with the next
 installment of rent thereafter falling due hereunder, but nothing herein
 contained shall be deemed to suspend or delay the payment of any amount of
 money or charge at the time same becomes due and payable hereunder. or
 limit any other remedy of the Owner.

 SECTION 2.06 Past Due Rent and Additional Rent.

 If Tenant shall fail to pay, when the same is due and payable, any rent or
 any additional rent, or amounts or charges of the character described in
 Section 2.05. hereof, such unpaid amounts shall bear interest from the due
 date thereof to the date of
 payment subject to Paragraph   4   in Lease Addendum “A”.

 SECTION 2.07. Security.  SEE SECTION 8.01
 As security for the payment of all Rent, Tenant hereby grants Owner a
 security interest in the following described collateral: (a) all
 merchandise inventory in the Leased Premises during the Term of this
 Lease; (b) all of Tenant's existing accounts receivable and all of
 Tenant's account receivable which come into existence during the Term of
 this Lease; (c) all of the proceeds of said inventory and accounts
 receivable; and (d) all equipment and other personal items placed in the
 Leased Premises during the Term of this Lease.

 Tenant represents and warrants that no financing statement covering the
 collateral is on file in any public office, and at the request of Owner, 
 Tenant will join with Owner in executing one or more financing statements
 pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code, as enacted in Florida, in form
 satisfactory to Owner and will pay the cost of filing the same in all
 public offices where is deemed necessary or desirable by Owner.
 Upon Default by Tenant under the terms and conditions of this Lease, or
 any time thereafter (such Default not having previously been cured), Owner
 at its option may declare the Tenant in default and shall then have all
 the remedies of a secured party under the laws of the State of Florida, or
 the state in which the Leased Premises are located, including, without
 limitation thereto, the right to take possession of the collateral and for
 that purpose Owner may enter upon the



4



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


 Leased Premises and remove the same therefrom. Owner will give Tenant at
 least five (5) days prior written notice of any public sale thereof or of
 the date on which any private sale or any other intended disposition is to
 be made, and at any such private sale the Owner may purchase the
 collateral.
 This security agreement and the security interest and collateral created
 hereby shall be terminated when all of the Rent and other charges becoming
 due during the Term of this Lease and all extensions hereof have been paid
 in full.

 ARTICLE III
 RECORDS AND BOOKS OF ACCOUNT
 SECTION 3.01.Tenant's Records.
 For the purpose ,b1 ascertaining the amount payable as percentage rent,
 Tenant agrees to prepare and keep for a period of not less than two (2)
 years following the end of each lease year adequate records which shall
 show inventories and receipts of merchandise at the leased premises, and
 daily receipts from all sales and other transactions on or from the leased
 premises by Tenant and any other persons conducting any business upon or
 from said premises. Tenant further agrees to keep for at least two (2)
 years following the end of each lease year the gross income, sales and
 occupation tax returns with respect to said lease years and all pertinent
 original sales records. Pertinent original sales records shall Include:
 (a) cash register tapes, including tapes from temporary registers; (b)
 serially numbered sales slips; (c) the originals of all mail orders at and
 to the leased premises; (d) the original records of all telephone orders
 at and to the leased premises; (e) settlement report sheets of
 transactions with sub­tenants, concessionaires and licensees; (f) the
 original records showing that merchandise returned by customers was
 purchased at the leased premises by such customers; (g) memorandum
 receipts or other records of merchandise taken out on approval; (h) such
 other sales records, if any, which would normally be examined by an
 independent accountant pursuant to accepted auditing standards in
 performing an audit of Tenant's sales; and (i) the records specified in
 (a) to (h) above of sub-tenants, assignees, concessionaires, or licensees.
 Owner and Owner's authorized representative shall have the right to
 examine Tenant's records aforesaid during regular business hours.
 'SECTION 3.02. Reports by Tenant

 Tenant shall submit to Owner on or before the fifteenth (15th) day
 following each month during the term hereof (including the fifteenth
 (151h) day of the month following the end of the term) at the place then
 fixed for the payment of rent a written statement signed by Tenant, and
 certified by it to be true and correct showing in reasonably accurate
 detail, the amount of gross receipts during the preceding month and
 fractional month, if any, prior to the commencement of the first lease
 year. Tenant shall submit to the Owner on or before the thirtieth (301h)
 day following the end of each lease year at the place then fixed for the
 payment of rent together with the remittance of percentage rent, if any, a
 written statement signed by Tenant, and certified to be true and correct
 showing in reasonably accurate detail satisfactory in scope to Owner the
 amount of gross receipts during the preceding lease year, and duly
 certified by Independent certified public accountants of recognized
 standing, which certification shall be one which Is satisfactory to Owner
 In scope and substance. The statements referred to herein shall be in such
 form and style and contain such details and breakdowns as the Owner may
 reasonably determine.

 ARTICLE IV

SECTION 4.01, Right to Examine Books.
AUDIT
 The acceptance by the Owner of payments of percentage rent shall be
 without prejudice to the Owner's right to an examination of the Tenant's
 books and records of Its gross receipts and Inventories of merchandise at
 the leased premises in order to verify the amount of annual gross receipts
 received by the Tenant in and from the leased premises.

 SECTION 4.02. Audit
 At its option, Owner may cause, at any reasonable time upon.' forty-eight
 (48) hours prior written notice to Tenant, a complete audit to be made of
 Tenant's entire business affairs and records relating to the leased
 premises for the period covered by any statement Issued by the Tenant as
 above set forth. If such audit shall disclose a liability for rent to the
 extent of three (3%) percent or more In excess of the rentals therefore
 computed and paid' by Tenant for such period, Tenant shall promptly pay to
 Owner the cost of said audit in addition to the deficiency, which
 deficiency shall be payable whether or not exceeding three (3%) percent.
 Any information obtained by the Owner as a result of such audit shall be
 held in strict confidence by Owner.
 ARTICLE V

 CONSTRUCTION, ALTERATION, RELOCATION AND FINANCING
 OF IMPROVEMENTS AD ADDITIONS THERETO

 SECTION 5.01. Owner's Obligation.
 Owner shall at its cost and expense construct the leased premises for
 Tenant's use and occupancy in accordance with plans and specifications
 prepared by Owner or Owner's architect, incorporating in such construction
 all Items of work described in Exhibit "B" attached hereto and made a part
 hereof. Any work in addition to any of the items specifically enumerated
 in said Exhibit "B" shall be performed by the Tenant at its own cost and
 expense, provided that the written approval of the Owner be first obtained
 and that such improvements and alterations are done in a workmanlike
 manner in keeping with all building codes and regulations and in no way
 harm the structure of the demised premises, provided that at the
 expiration of this lease, or any extension thereof, Tenant, at its own
 expense, if requested to do so by Owner, shall restore the within demised
 premises to its original condition and repair any damage to the premises
 resulting from the installation or removal of such partitions, fixtures or
 equipment as may have been installed by Tenant. The Owner reserves the
 right before approving any such changes, additions or alterations, to
 require the Tenant to furnish it a good and sufficient bond conditioned
 that it will save Owner harmless from the payment of any claims, either by
 way of damages or liens. The Tenant agrees to protect, indemnify and save
 harmless the Owner on account of any injury to third persons



5



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


 or property by reason of any such changes, additions or alterations, and
 to protect, indemnify and save harmless Owner from the payment of any
 claim of any kind or character on account of bills of labor or material in
 connection therewith. Any equipment or work other than those items
 specifically enumerated in said exhibit "B" which the Owner installs or
 constructs in the leased premises on the Tenant's behalf shall be paid for
 by Tenant within fifteen days after receipt of a bill therefore at cost,
 plus twenty (20%) percent for overhead and supervision. Owner, in its sole
 discretion, may require Tenant to deposit some or all of the monies to pay
 for the improvements set forth on Exhibit "B" prior to commencing work.



 SECTION 5.02. Parking Facilities.
 The Owner shall construct upon the Shopping Center site at its own cost
 access roads, footways and parking lots or facilities as shown on Exhibit
 "A".

 SECTION 5.03. Changes and Additions to Buildings,
 Owner hereby reserves the right at any time to make alterations or
 additions to and to build additional stories on the building in which the
 premises are contained and to build adjoining the same. Owner also
 reserved the right to construct other buildings or improvements in the
 Shopping Center from time to time and to make alterations thereof or
 additions thereto and to build additional stories on any such building or
 buildings and to build adjoining same and to construct double-deck or
 elevated parking facilities.

 SECTION 5.04. Right to Relocate.
 The purpose of the site plan attached hereto as Exhibit "A" is to show the
 approximate location of the leased premises. Owner reserves the right at
 any time to relocate the various buildings, automobile parking areas, and
 other common areas shown on said site plan.

 SECTION 5.05. Completion Date; Cancellation.
If construction of said Shopping Center is not commenced on or before
or substantially completed on or before
   the Tenant shall have as its sole remedy the option for fifteen (15)
 days thereafter, In each case, respectively, of cancelling this lease, in
 writing, and obtaining the return of the deposit, if any, delivered to
 Owner pursuant to Section 8.01; provided, however, that such noncompliance
 is not caused by strikes, acts of God, war emergencies or other causes
 beyond the Owner's control which shall extend the above-mentioned dates.
 If construction of the Shopping Center or of the demised premises is not
 commenced or substantially completed on the dates aforementioned, the
 Owner shall have the option to cancel this lease. If Tenant or Owner shall
 cancel this lease, as herein provided, both parties shall hereinafter be
 relieved of and from any further liability hereunder and neither party
 shall have any liability to the other by reason of such cancellation.


 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS BY TENANT
 SECTION 6.01. Use of Premises.

 The premises shall be used for Retail / Administrative Offices.

 Tenant shall occupy the leased premises within thirty (30) days after the
 date of the notice provided for in Section 1.03 hereof, and shall conduct
 continuously in the leased premises the business above stated. Tenant will
 not use or permit, or suffer the use of, the leased premises for any other
 business or purpose. Tenant shall not conduct catalogue sales in or from
 the leased premises except of merchandise which Tenant is permitted to
 sell "over the counter” in or at the leased premises pursuant to the
 provisions of this Section 6.01.

 SECTION 6.02. Operation of Business.

 Tenant agrees; (a) except as herein otherwise provided, to continuously
 and uninterruptedly occupy and use the entire Demised Premises during the
 Lease Term for the Permitted Use; and to conduct Tenant's business therein
 in a reputable manner; (b) to remain open for business during all such
 days, nights and hours when the Shopping Center is open for business and
 for such further days or additional hours (including Sundays) as may be
 designated by Owner or by the Merchants' Association or Marketing Director
 from time to time on ten (10) days prior written notice to Tenant; (c) to
 adequately staff its store with sufficient employees to handle the maximum
 business and carry sufficient stock of seasonal merchandise of such size,
 character and quality to accomplish the same; (d) to maintain displays of
 merchandise in the display windows, if any; (e) to keep the display
 windows and signs, if any, well lighted during such hours as Owner may
 require, including periods in addition to the business hours of Tenant if
 in Owners judgment such lighting is necessary or desirable; (f) to keep
 and maintain the Demised Premises and Tenant's personal property and signs
 therein or thereon and the exterior and interior portions of all windows,
 doors and all other glass or plate glass in a neat, clean, sanitary and
 safe condition; (g) not to place any weight upon the floors which shall
 exceed seventy-five (75) pounds per square foot of floor space covered;
 (h) not to change Tenant's Trade Name without the Owner's prior written
 consent; (i) in advertising undertaken directly by Tenant to use insignia,
 logo or other identifying mark of the Shopping Center designated by Owner
 in Tenant's advertising, whether printed or visual, and to make reference
 to the name of the Shopping Center in each instance of audio and/or visual
 advertising; and (j) not to conduct any auction, distress, fire or
 bankruptcy sale or sales or any going out of business sale or sales
 (whether any of same are real or fictitious).







6



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


 Tenant shall warehouse, store and/or stock in the Premises only such goods
 and merchandise as Tenant intends to offer for sale in, from or upon the
 Premises. Tenant shall use for office, clerical or other non-selling
 purpose only such space in the Premises as is from time to time reasonably
 required for Tenant's business in the Premises.


 Subject to inability by reason of strikes or labor disputes, Tenant shall
 conduct its business in the Premises during the entire Lease term and will
 keep the Premises open for business at least from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
 Monday through Friday. Tenant shall keep the display windows and signs, if
 any, on the Premises well lighted during the hours of 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 
 p.m. on all business days unless prevented by causes beyond Tenant's
 control.


SECTION 6.03. Competition.
 -
 During the term of this lease Tenant shall not directly or indirectly
 engage in any similar or competing business within a radius of three miles
 from the outside boundary of the Shopping Center. Tenant shall not perform
 any acts or carry on any practices which may injure the building or be a
 nuisance or menace to other tenants in the Shopping Center.

 ARTICLE VII
 OPERATION OF CONCESSIONS
 SECTION 7.01. Consent of Owner.

 Tenant shall not permit any business to be operated in or from the leased
 premises by any concessionaire or licensee without the prior written
 consent of Owner.

 ARTICLE VIII

 SECURITY DEPOSIT

 SECTION 8.01. Amount of Deposit.

 Tenant, contemporaneously with the execution of this lease, has deposited
 with Owner the sum of Three Thousand Eight Hundred Sixty Four and Eighty
 One/100 dollars ($3,864.81), receipt of which is hereby acknowledged by
 Owner and deposit shall be held by Owner, without liability for interest,
 as security for the faithful performance by Tenant of all of the terms,
 covenants, and conditions of this lease by said Tenant to be kept and
 performed during the term hereof. If at any time during the term of this
 lease any of the rent herein reserved shall be overdue and unpaid, or any
 other sum payable by Tenant to Owner hereunder shall be overdue and unpaid
 then Owner may, at the option of Owner (but Owner shall not be required
 to), appropriate and apply any portion of said deposit to the payment of
 any such overdue rent or other sum.   The Landlord will not, pay interest
 on, or place security deposit in an security interest bearing account. 
 Security deposits on commercial leases do not earn interest and there is
 no interest bearing account on security deposits for commercial leases.

 SECTION 8.02. Use and Return of Deposit.
 In the event of the failure of Tenant to keep and perform any of the
 terms, covenants and conditions of this lease to be kept and performed by
 Tenant, then the Owner at its option may appropriate and apply said entire
 deposit, or so much thereof as may be necessary, to compensate the Owner
 for loss or damage sustained or suffered by Owner due to such breach on
 the part of Tenant. Should the entire deposit, or any portion thereof, be
 appropriated and applied by Owner for the payment of overdue rent or other
 sums due and payable to Owner by Tenant hereunder, then Tenant shall, upon
 the written demand of Owner, forthwith remit to Owner a sufficient amount
 in cash to restore said security to the original sum deposited, and
 Tenant's failure to do so within five (5) days after receipt of such
 demand shall constitute a breach of this lease. Should Tenant comply with
 all of said terms, covenants and conditions and promptly pay all of the
 rental herein provided for as it falls due, and all other sums payable by
 Tenant to Owner hereunder, the said deposit shall be returned in full to
 Tenant within ten (10) days alter the end of the term of this lease, or
 upon the earlier termination of this lease.

 SECTION 8.03. Transfer of Deposit.
 Owner may deliver the funds deposited hereunder by Tenant to the purchaser
 of Owner's interest in the leased premises, in the event that such
 interest be sold, and thereupon Owner shall be discharged from any further
 liability with respect to such deposit.

 ARTICLE IX
 PARKING AND COMMON USE AREAS AND FACILITIES
 SECTION 9.01. Control or Common Areas by Owner.
 All automobile parking areas, driveways, entrances and exits thereto, and
 other facilities furnished by Owner in or near the Shopping Center,
 including employee parking areas, the truck way or ways, loading docks,
 package pick-up stations, pedestrian sidewalks and ramps, landscaped
 areas, exterior stairways, first-aid stations, comfort stations and other
 areas and improvements provided by Owner for the general use, in common,
 of tenants, their officers, agents, employees and customers, shall at all
 times be subject to the exclusive control and management of Owner, and
 Owner shall have the right from time to time to establish, modify and
 enforce reasonable rules and regulations with respect to all facilities
 and areas mentioned in this Article. Owner shall have the right to
 construct, maintain and operate lighting facilities on all said areas and
 improvements; to police the same; from time to time to change the area,
 level, location and arrangement of parking areas and other facilities
 hereinabove referred to; to restrict parking by tenants, their officers,
 agents and employees to employee parking areas; to enforce parking charges
 (by operation of meters or otherwise), with appropriate provisions for
 free parking ticket validating by Tenants; to close all or any portion of
 said areas or facilities



7



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


 to such extent as may, in the opinion of Owner's counsel, be legally
 sufficient to prevent a dedication thereof or the accrual of any rights to
 any person or the public therein; to close temporarily all or any portion
 of the parking areas or facilities; to discourage non-customer parking;
 and to do and perform such other acts in and to said areas and
 improvements as, in the use of good business judgment, the Owner shall
 determine to be 'advisable with a view to the improvement of the
 convenience and use thereof by Tenants, their officers, agents, employees
 and customers. Owner will operate and maintain the common facilities
 referred to above in such manner as Owner, in its sole discretion, shall
 determine from time to time. Without limiting the scope of such
 discretion, Owner shall have the full right and authority to employ all
 personnel and to make all rules and regulations pertaining to and
 necessary for the proper operation and maintenance of the common areas and
 facilities.



 SECTION 9.02. License.
 All common areas and facilities not within the leased premises, which
 Tenant may be permitted to use and occupy, are to be used and occupied
 under a revocable license, and if the amount of such areas be diminished,
 Owner shall not be subject to any liability nor shall Tenant be entitled
 to any compensation or diminution or abatement of rent, nor shall such
 diminution of such areas be deemed constructive or actual eviction.

 ARTICLE X

 COST OF MAINTENANCE OF COMMON AREAS

 SECTION 10.01. Cost of Maintenance of Common Areas.
(a)
    Tenant agrees to pay Owner, as additional rent hereunder, in the manner
    provided in subdivision (b) of this Section 10.01, a proportionate
    share, as hereafter computed, of the Operating Costs (as hereafter
    defined) of maintaining the common areas in the Shopping Center.
    "Operating Costs" shall mean all direct and indirect total costs and
    expenses incurred in operating, maintaining and repairing the common
    areas, including, without limitation, the cost of all materials,
    supplies and services purchased or hired therefore; governmental
    surcharges (other than Taxes described in Section 2.04 hereof) levied
    upon or assessed against Owner, the Shopping Center or the parking
    areas, parking decks and/or garages or the parking spaces thereon; the
    cost and expense of landscape maintenance, gardening and planting, 
    cleaning, painting ,(including striping), decorating, repaving, 
    lighting, sanitary control, removal of trash, garbage and other refuse;
    fire protection; security devices and personnel and any other costs of
    policing and securing the common areas; water and sewage charges; the
    cost of all types of insurance carried by Owner including without
    limitation, public liability, personal and bodily injury and property
    damage liability and automobile coverage, lire and extended coverage,
    all risk vandalism and malicious mischief and all broad form coverages,
    sign insurance and any other Insurance that may be carried by Owner all
    in limits selected by Owner; the cost of operation of loudspeakers and
    any other equipment supplying music to the common areas or any parts
    thereof; the cost of operation of public toilets, installing and
    renting of signs; maintenance, repair and replacement of utility
    systems serving the common areas, including water, sanitary sewer and
    storm water lines and other utility lines, pipes and Conduits; 
    purchase, repair and maintenance replacement (or depreciation) of
    machinery and equipment owned and used in the operation, maintenance,
    security, and repair of the common areas or the rental charges for such
    machinery and equipment; and the cost of personnel (including
    applicable payroll taxes, workmen's compensation insurance and
    disability insurance) to implement all of the foregoing, including the
    policing of the common areas and the directing of traffic and parking
    of automobiles (including valet parking) on the parking areas thereof; 
    the cost of any recovery (by Settlement or otherwise) by any person or
    entity, which is not reimbursed by insurance, resulting from any
    accident or injury in the common areas; and reasonable management fees.
    Owner may, however, cause any or all of said services to be provided by
    an independent contractor. (b) Tenant's Common Area Charge shall be in
    an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying the total
    Operating Costs paid or incurred by Owner during the first accounting
    period and each subsequent accounting period, as hereafter defined, by
    a fraction the numerator of which shall be the Gross Leasable Area of
    the Demised Premises and the denominator of which shall be the Gross
    Leasable Area In the Shopping Center determined as of the date such
    Operating Costs are billed to Tenant, except that if any free standing
    buildings (i.e. buildings located in the parking areas and not opening
    to the enclosed mall) in the Shopping Center make payment toward the
    common Operating 'Costs of the Shopping Center, then for the purpose of
    computing Tenant's Common Area Charge, the Gross Leasable Area of such
    free standing buildings shall not be included in the Gross Leasable
    Area in the Shopping Center, but any payments actually received by
    Owner from the tenants or occupants of such free standing buildings as
    and for their share of the Operating Costs shall be deducted from the
    total Operating Costs paid or incurred by Owner during the particular
    accounting period when such payments are received before computing
    Tenant's Common Area Charge for administrative purposes and that the
    actual charge may vary substantially therefrom; (c) As used herein, the
    "first accounting period" shall mean the fractional period, if any,
    immediately following the commencement date of the Lease Term up to and
    including December 31 next succeeding; and each subsequent accounting
    period shall comprise the twelve (12) full calendar months between the
    period January 1 through and including December 31 of each lease year
    of the Lease Term (or any other fiscal or twelve (12) month period
    selected by Owner). Prior to the commencement of the term of this
    lease, Owner shall estimate Tenant's Common Area Charge payable during
    the first accounting period and shall notify Tenant of the amount
    thereof. Tenant's share of such Operating Costs shall be payable as
    follows: (i) during that portion of the Lease Term falling within the
    first accounting period ('subject to adjustments as hereafter in
    Subsection (iii) set forth), Tenant shall pay Owner monthly, in
    advance, on the first day of each month, the estimated Common Area
    Charge. as determined by Owner, as an estimate of Tenant's share of
    such Operating Costs during such first accounting period; (ii) Tenant's
    Common Area Charge shall be adjusted and revised by Owner as of the end
    of the first and each subsequent accounting period during the Lease
    Term on the basis of the actual Operating Costs during the immediately
    preceding first or subsequent accounting period, as the case may be,
    plus reasonably anticipated Increases or decreases in such costs; upon
    Owner furnishing to Tenant a written statement setting forth such
    revised estimated Operating Costs and Tenant's share thereof, Tenant's
    share as so specified shall be the revised estimated Common Area Charge
    which Tenant shall pay to Owner In monthly installments, In advance, on
    the first day of each month until the next succeeding revision in such
    estimate; (iii) within ninety (90) days following the end of the first
    accounting period and each subsequent accounting period, Owner shall
    furnish Tenant a written statement covering the accounting period just
    expired, showing In reasonable detail a general breakdown of the total
    actual Operating Costs, the amount of Tenant's Common Area Charge for
    such



8



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


    accounting period and the payments made by Tenant with respect to such
    accounting period; Tenants proportionate share of Common Area Charge is
    not to include any expenditures for capital improvements such as
    re-paving, re-landscaping property or other expenditures considered
    capital improvements under standard real estate practice.  if Tenant's
    Common Area Charge exceeds Tenant's payments made with respect to such
    accounting period based on the estimated Common Area Charge, Tenant
    shall pay Owner the deficiency within ten (10) days after the
    furnishing of said statements; it said payments on account of the
    estimated Common Area Charge exceed Tenant's Common Area Charge, Tenant
    shall be entitled to a credit for such excess payments next to become
    due Owner on account of Tenant's Common Area Charge or during the last
    lease year Owner will refund such excess to Tenant within thirty (30)
    days following the expiration of [he Lease Term; (iv) as to the first
    accounting period or any subsequent accounting period a portion only of
    which is contained in the Lease Term, Tenant's obligation for a share
    of the actual Operating Costs shall be prorated on the basis of the
    actual number of days In the portion of such accounting period
    contained in the Lease Term, as to which Tenant's obligation shall
    survive the expiration of the Lease Term (v) in the event of any
    dispute, Tenant shall pay the amount of Owner's hill or statement
    hereunder and such payment shall be without prejudice to Tenant's
    position; if the dispute shall be-determined in Tenant's favor, by
    agreement or otherwise. Owner shall pay to Tenant the amount of
    Tenant's overpayment resulting from such compliance by Tenant; (vi) any
    such bill or statement shall be deemed binding and conclusive if Tenant
    fails to object thereto in writing (stating the reason therefore)
    within (30) days after the dale thereof and if Tenant fails to comply
    with the provisions of Subsection (v) of this Paragraph.  See Addendum
    “A” – 1D for cap on CAM escalations.

 ARTICLE XI

 SIGNS, AWNINGS, CANOPIES. FIXTURES. ALTERATIONS'

 SECTION 11.01. Installation by Tenant.

 All fixtures installed by Tenant shall be new or completely reconditioned.
 Tenant shall not make or cause to be made any alterations, additions or
 improvements or install or cause to be installed any trade fixture,
 exterior signs, floor covering, interior or exterior lighting, plumbing
 fixtures, shades, canopies, or awnings or make any changes to the store
 front without first obtaining Owner's written approval and consent. Tenant
 shall present to the Owner plans and specifications for such work at the
 time approval is sought. Owner has approved only those signs specified on
 Exhibit "C".


 SECTION 11.02. Removal and Restoration by Tenant.

 All alterations, decorations, additions and improvements made by the
 Tenant, or made by the Owner on the Tenant's behalf by agreement under
 this lease, shall remain the property of the Tenant for the term of the
 lease, or any extension or renewal thereof. Such alterations, decorations,
 additions and improvements shall not be removed from the premises prior to
 the end of the term hereof without prior consent in writing from the
 Owner. Upon expiration of this lease, or any renewal term thereof, the
 Tenant shall remove all such alterations, decorations, additions and
 improvements, and restore the leased premises as provided in Section 12.03
 hereof. If Tenant fails to remove such alterations, decorations, additions
 and improvements, and restore the leased premises, then upon the
 expiration of this lease, or any renewal thereof, and upon the Tenant's
 removal from the premises, all such alterations, decorations, additions
 and improvements shall become the properly of the Owner.

 SECTION 11.03. Mechanics' Lien

 Tenant shall promptly pay all contractors and material men, so as to
 minimize the possibility of a lien attaching to the leased premises, and
 should any such lien be made or filed, Tenant shall bond against or
 discharge the same within ten (10) days alter written request by Owner.
 Tenant shall have no power, authority or agency to subject the Owner's
 interest in the leased premises to any mechanic's or material men's lien
 for improvements made by Tenant.

 SECTION 11.04. Signs

 Tenant shall not put signs on the interior surfaces of the windows and
 doors without prior written permission of Owner with respect to each such
 sign and such instance.

 ARTICLE XII

 MAINTENANCE OF LEASED PREMISES

 SECTION 12.01. Maintenance by Tenant.

 Tenant shall at all limes keep the leased premises (including maintenance
 of exterior entrances, all glass and show window mouldings) and all
 partitions, doors, fixtures, equipment and appurtenances thereof
 (including lighting, heating and plumbing fixtures, escalators, elevators,
 and any air conditioning system) in good order, condition and repair
 (including reasonably periodic painting as determined by Owner), damage by
 unavoidable casually excepted, except for structural portions of the
 premises, which shall be maintained by Owner, but if Owner is required to
 make repairs to structural portions by reason of Tenant's negligent acts
 or omission to act, Owner may add the cost of such repairs to the rent
 which shall thereafter become due. Pest control on a regular basis shall
 be provided by Owner at Tenant's expense and the cost of such pest control
 shall be included in Common Area Maintenance.


 SECTION 12.02. Maintenance by Owner.

 If Tenant refuses or neglects to repair property as required hereunder and
 to the reasonable satisfaction of Owner as soon as reasonably possible
 after written demand, Owner may make such repairs without liability to
 Tenant for any loss or damage that may accrue to Tenant's merchandise
 fixtures, or other property or to Tenant's business by reason thereof, and
 upon completion thereof, Tenant shall pay Owner's costs for making such
 repairs plus twenty (20%) percent for overhead, upon presentation of bill
 therefore, as additional rent.





9



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445



 SECTION 12.03. Surrender of Premises.
 At the expiration of the tenancy hereby created, Tenant shall surrender
 the leased premises in the same condition as the leased premises were in
 upon delivery of possession thereto under this lease, reasonable wear and
 tear excepted, and damage by unavoidable casualty excepted, and shall
 surrender all keys for the leased premises to Owner at the place then
 fixed for the payment of rent and shall inform Owner of all combinations
 on locks, safes and vaults, if any, in the leased premises. Tenant shall
 remove all its trade fixtures, and any alterations or improvements as
 provided in Section 11.02 hereof, before surrendering the premises as
 aforesaid and shall repair any damage to the leased premises caused
 thereby. Tenant's obligation to observe or perform this covenant shall
 survive the expiration or other termination of the term of this lease.


SECTION 12.04.
 Rules and Regulations.
 The rules and regulations defined In Section 27.01 of this lease are
 hereby made a part of this lease, and Tenant agrees to comply with and
 observe the same. Tenant's failure to keep ad observe said rules and
 regulations shall constitute a breach of the terms of this lease In the
 manner as If the same were contained herein as covenants. Owner reserves
 the right from time to time to amend or supplement said rules and
 regulations and to adopt and promulgate additional rules and regulations
 applicable to leased premises and the Shopping Center. Notice of such
 additional rules and regulations, and amendments’ and supplements, If any,
 shall be given to Tenant, and Tenant agrees thereupon to comply with and
 observe all such rules and regulations, and amendments thereto and
 supplements thereat, provided the same shall apply uniformly to all
 tenants of the Shopping Center.

 ARTICLE XIII

 INSURANCE AND INDEMNITY (SEE LEASE ADDENDUM “A” PARAGRAPH 7)

SECTION 13.01. Liability Insurance.
                                                                            
                                                                            
 Tenant shall, during the entire term hereof, keep in full force and effect
 a policy of public liability and property damage insurance with respect to
 the leased premises, and the business operated by Tenant and any
 subtenants of Tenant in the leased premises in which the limits of public
 liability shall be not less than $300,000 per person and $500,000 per
 accident and in which the property damage liability shall be not less than 
 $100,000. The policy shall name Owner, any person, firms or corporations
 designated by Owner, and Tenant as insured, and shall contain a clause
 that the Insurer will not cancel or change the insurance without first
 giving the Owner ten days prior written notice. The insurance shall be in
 an Insurance company with a general policy holder's rating of not less
 than A and a financial rating of AAA, in the most current "Best's"
 Insurance Reports, and qualified to do business in Florida, and a copy of
 the policy or a certificate of insurance shall be delivered to Owner.

 SECTION 13.02. Increase In Fire Insurance Premium.

 Tenant agrees that it will not keep, use, sell or offer for sale in or
 upon the leased premises any article which may be prohibited by the
 standard form of fire insurance policy. Tenant agrees to pay any increase
 in premiums for fire and extended coverage insurance that may be charged
 during the term of this lease on the amount of such insurance which may be
 carried by Owner on said premises or the building of which they are a
 part, resulting from the type of merchandise sold by Tenant in the leased
 premises, whether or not Owner has consented to the same. In determining
 whether Increased premiums are the result of Tenant's use of the leased
 premises, a schedule, issued by the organization making the insurance rate
 on the leased premises, showing the various components of such rate, shall
 be conclusive evidence of the several Items and charges which make up the
 fire insurance rate on the leased premises.


 In the event Tenant's occupancy causes any increase of premium for the
 fire, boiler and/or casualty rates on the leased premises or any part
 thereof above the rate for the least hazardous type of occupancy legally
 permitted in the leased premises, the Tenant shall pay the additional
 premium on the fire, boiler and/or casualty insurance policies by reason
 thereof. The Tenant also shall pay in such event, any additional premium
 on the rent insurance policy that may be carried by the Owner for it’s
 protection against rent loss through fire. Bills for such additional
 premiums shall be rendered by Owner to Tenant at such times as Owner may
 elect, and shall be due from, and payable by Tenant when rendered, and the
 amount thereof shall be deemed to be, and be paid as, additional.

 SECTION 13.03. Indemnification of Owner.

 Tenant will indemnify Owner and save it harmless from and against any and
 all claims. actions, damages, liability and expense in connection with
 loss of life, personal injury and/or damage to property arising from or
 out of any occurrence in, upon or at the leased premises, or the occupancy
 or use by Tenant of the leased premises or any part thereof, or occasioned
 wholly or in part by any act or omission of Tenant, its agents,
 contractors, employees, servants, lessees or concessionaires. In case
 Owner shall, without fault on its part, be made a party to any litigation
 commenced by or against Tenant, then Tenant shall protect and hold Owner
 harmless and shall pay all costs, expenses and reasonable attorney's fees
 incurred or paid by Owner in connection with such litigation. Tenant shall
 also pay all costs, expenses and reasonable attorneys' fees that may be
 incurred or paid by Owner in enforcing the covenants and agreements in
 this lease.  Unless any such claim, actions, damages, liability and
 expenses arising from or out of gross negligence of Owner or its agents,
 upon or at the leased premises or common areas.  Owner will indemnity
 Tenant and save it harmless from and against any and all claims, actions,
 damages, liability and expense in connection with loss of life, personal
 injury and/or damage to property arising from or out of any occurrence in,
 or upon the common areas of the Bocaray Plaza Shopping Center.






10



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445



 SECTION 13.04. Plate Glass.

 Tenant shall replace, at the expense of Tenant, any and all plate and
 other glass damaged or broken from any cause whatsoever in and about the
 leased premises. Tenant must insure, and keep insured, at Tenant's
 expense, all plate and other glass in the leased premises for and in the
 name of Owner. Tenant must provide satisfactory evidence of such insurance
 by providing an insurance certificate indicating such coverage or a copy
 of such policy insuring the plate glass or other glass as exists in the
 Demised Premises. It is understood and agreed that should tenant fail or
 refuse to insure such plate glass, Owner may insure such at Tenant's
 expense.

 ARTICLE XIV

 UTILITIES

SECTION 14.01.
 Utility Charges.
 Tenant shall be solely responsible for and promptly pay all charges and
 any and all deposits required to be paid for heat, water, gas, electricity
 or any other utility used or consumed in the leased premises. In no event
 shall Owner be liable for an interruption or failure in the supply of any
 such utilities to the leased premises.



 ARTICLE XV

 OFFSET STATEMENT, ATTORNMENT AND SUBORDINATION

SECTION 15.01.
 Offset Statement.
 Within ten days after request therefore by Owner, or in the event that
 upon any sale, assignment or hypothecation of the leased premises and/or
 the land thereunder by Owner an estoppel letter or statement shall be
 required from Tenant; Tenant agrees to deliver in recordable form a
 Certificate to any proposed mortgagee or purchaser, or to Owner,
 certifying (If such be the case) that this lease is in full force and
 effect and that there are no defenses or offsets thereto, or stating those
 claimed by Tenant.

 SECTION 15.02. Attornment.

 Tenant shall, in the event any proceedings are brought for the foreclosure
 of, or in the event of exercise of the power of sale under any mortgage
 made by the Owner covering the leased premises, attorn to the purchaser
 upon any such foreclosure or sale and recognize such purchaser as the
 Owner under this lease.

 SECTION 15.03. Subordination

 This Lease is subject and subordinate to any and all mortgages which may
 now or hereafter affect the real property of which the Demised Premises is
 a part thereof, and to all renewals, modifications and extensions thereof.
  Upon request of Lessor, Lessee shall, in the event any proceedings are
 brought for the foreclosure of, or in the event of exercise of the power
 of sale under any mortgage made by Lessor covering the Demised Premises,
 attorn to the purchaser upon any such foreclosure or sale and recognize
 such purchaser as Lessor under this Lease.  Upon request of Lessor, Lessee
 shall, in writing, subordinate its right hereunder to any ground Leases or
 to the lien of any mortgage or mortgages, or the lien resulting from the
 other method of financing or refinancing, now or hereafter in force
 against the land and/or buildings of which the Demised Premises are a
 apart, or against any buildings hereafter placed upon the land of which
 the Demised Premises are a part, and to all advances made or hereafter to
 be made upon the security thereof.  Lessee, upon request of any party in
 interest, shall execute promptly such instruments or certificates to carry
 out the intent of this Paragraph.   This Lease shall not be recorded
 without the prior written consent of Lessor.  Upon the request of Lessor,
 Lessee shall execute a short form of the Lease which may be recorded in
 Lessor’s sole discretion.

 SECTION 15.04. Attorney-In-Fact.

 The Tenant upon request of any party in interest, shall execute promptly
 such instruments or certificates to carry out the intent of Sections 15.02
 and 15.03 above as shall be requested by the Owner. If fifteen (15) days
 after the date of a written request by Owner to execute such instruments,
 the Tenant shall not have executed the same, the Tenant hereby irrevocably
 appoints the Owner as attorney-in-fact for the Tenant with full power and
 authority to execute and deliver in the name of the Tenant any such
 instruments or certificates and the Owner may, at its option, cancel this
 lessee without incurring any liability on account thereof, and the term
 hereby granted is expressly limited accordingly.

 ARTICLE XVI

 ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING

 SECTION 16.01. Consent Required.
 Tenant will not assign this lease in whole or in part, nor sublet all or
 any part of the leased premises, without the prior written consent of
 Owner in each instance which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
 The consent by Owner to any assignment or subletting shall not constitute
 a waiver of the necessity for such consent to any subsequent assignment or
 subletting. This prohibition against assigning or subletting shall be
 construed to include a prohibition against any assignment or subletting by
 operation of law. If this lease be assigned, or if the leased premises or
 any part thereof be underlet or occupied by anybody other than Tenant,
 Owner may collect rent from the assignee, under-tenant or occupant, and
 apply the net amount collected to the rent herein reserved, but no such
 assignment,



11



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


 underletting, occupancy or collection shall be deemed a waiver of this
 covenant, or the acceptance of the assignee, under-tenant or occupant as
 tenant, or a release of Tenant from the further performance by Tenant of
 covenants on the part of Tenant herein contained. Notwithstanding any
 assignment or sublease, Tenant shall remain fully liable on this lease and
 shall not be released from performing any of the terms, covenants and
 conditions’ of this lease.


 SECTION 16.02. Corporate Ownership.
 If at any time during the term of this lease any part or all of the
 corporate shares of Tenant shall be transferred by sale, assignment,
 bequest, inheritance, operation of law or other disposition so as to
 result in a change in the present effective voting control of Tenant by
 the person or persons owning a majority of said corporate shares on the
 date of this lease, Tenant shall promptly notify Owner in writing of such
 change, and Owner may terminate this lease at any time after such change
 in control by giving Tenant ninety (90) days prior written notice of such
 termination.

 ARTICLE XVII
 WASTE, GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS
  SECTION 17.01. Waste or Nuisance.
 Tenant shall not commit or suffer to be committed any waste upon the
 leased premises or any nuisance or other act or thing which may disturb
 the quiet enjoyment of any other tenant in the building in which the
 leased premises may be located, or in the Shopping Center, or which may
 disturb the quiet enjoyment of any person within five hundred feet of the
 boundaries of the Shopping Center.


 SECTION 17.02. Governmental Regulations.
 Tenant shall, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, comply with all of the
 requirements of all county, municipal, state, federal and other applicable
 governmental authorities, now in force, or which may hereafter be in
 force, pertaining to the said premises, and shall faithfully observe in
 the use of the premises all municipal and county ordinances and state and
 federal statutes now in force or which may hereafter be in force.
 ARTICLE XVIII

 ADVERTISING AND MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION

 SECTION 18.01. Merchants' Association
(a)
 It Owner elects to form a Merchants' Association (which Owner is under no
 duty to form) Tenant will promptly become a member of the Merchants'
 Association of the Shopping Center (i.e., as soon as the same has been
 formed) and during the term of this lease fully participate In and remain
 a member in good standing of said Association. Tenant agrees to pay the
 Merchants' Association Dues, monthly, In advance on the first day of each
 month, as Tenant's contribution towards the advertising promotion, public
 relations and administrative expenses Incurred by the Association,
 subject, however, to annual adjustments in such dues as may be approved by
 appropriate vote of the members of the Association increasing said dues to
 the extent required to meet increases in cost of advertising, promotion,
 public relations and administrative expenses. Tenant agrees to advertise
 in any and all special Merchants' Association newspaper sections, tabloids
 or other advertisements (including audio and/or visual media) and agrees
 to cooperate and participate in all special sales and promotions sponsored
 by the Merchants' Association. Nothing in the By-Laws or regulations of
 said Association shall affect Tenant's obligations under this lease. The
 failure of any other Tenant to contribute to, or become or remain a member
 of the Merchants' Association shall in no way release Tenant from Tenant's
 obligations hereunder, such membership and participation in the
 Association by Tenant being separate and independent covenant of this
 lease. The Marketing Director shall be under the exclusive control and
 supervision of Owner and Owner shall have the sole and exclusive authority
 to employ and discharge such Marketing Director. Tenant agrees to abide by
 the By-Laws of the Merchants' Association and by any amendments thereof
 and any regulations of the Association as may be hereafter duly adopted.
 However, nothing in said By-Laws or amendments thereto or any regulations
 of the Association shall modify the terms of this lease or Tenant's
 obligations hereunder.

(b)
 Owner may, at its sole option, elect to discontinue the utilization of the
 Merchants' Association (or elect that none initially be formed) at such
 time as Owner shall elect to establish a Marketing Fund for the Shopping
 Center for the purpose of the advertising and promotion thereof. On any
 date so specified by Owner and from and after said date Tenant will pay to
 Owner the Marketing Charge, in advance on the first day of each month, as
 Tenant's contribution towards the advertising, promotion, and public
 relations of the Shopping Center and administrative expenses related
 thereto. The Marketing Charge payable by Tenant to Owner will be subject
 to adjustment on the same basis as the Merchants' Association Dues. The
 Marketing Director who will render the Marketing Fund services shall be
 under the exclusive control and supervision of Owner and Owner shall have
 the sole right and exclusive authority to employ and discharge such
 Marketing Director. Said Marketing Director shall appoint an advisory
 panel composed of a representative of Owner, and three (3) representatives
 of the Shopping Center Tenants. Each person so appointed to the advisory
 panel shall serve for the period of one (1) year from appointment unless
 earlier removed by the Marketing Director.


 SECTION 18.02. Change of Name.

 Tenant agrees not to change the advertised name of the business operated
 in the leased premises without the written permission of Owner, which
 permission shall not be unreasonably withheld.




12



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445



SECTION 18.03.
 Solicitation of Business.

 Tenant and Tenant's employees and agents shall not solicit business in the
 parking or other common areas, nor shall Tenant distribute any handbills
 or other advertising matter in automobiles parked in the parking area or
 in other common areas.


 ARTICLE XIX

 DESTRUCTION OF LEASED PREMISES

SECTION 19.01.
 Total or Partial Destruction.
 If the leased premises shall be damaged by fire, the elements, unavoidable
 accident or other casually, but are not thereby rendered un-tenantable in
 whole or in part, Owner shall at its own expense cause such damage to be
 repaired, and the rent shall not be abated. Un-tenantable being defined as
 Tenant’s loss of use and peaceful enjoyment of leased premises as a result
 of but no limited to structural damage, roof damage, fire damage, smoke
 damage, water damage, loss of utilities, loss of air conditioning. If by
 reason of such occurrence, the premises shall be rendered un-tenantable
 only in part, Owner shall at its own expense cause the damage to be
 repaired, and the fixed minimum rent meanwhile shall be abated
 proportionately as to the portion of the premises rendered un-tenantable.
 If the premises shall be rendered wholly un-tenantable by reason of such
 occurrence the Owner shall at its own expense cause such damage to be
 repaired, and the fixed minimum rent meanwhile shall abate until the
 leased premises have been restored and rendered tenantable, or Owner may
 at its election, terminate this lease and the tenancy hereby created by
 giving to Tenant within the sixty (60) days following the date of said
 occurrence, written notice of Owner's election so to do and in event of
 such termination rent shall terminate. be adjusted as of such date.
 Nothing in this Section shall be construed to permit the abatement in
 whole or in part of the percentage rent, but for the purpose of Section
 2.02 hereof the computation of percentage rent shall be based upon the
 revised minimum rent as the same may be abated pursuant to this Section
 19.01:



 SECTION 19.02. Partial Destruction of Shopping Center.

 In the event that fifty (50%) percent or more of the rentable area of the
 Shopping Center shall be damaged or destroyed by fire or other cause,
 notwithstanding that the leased premises may be unaffected by such fire or
 other cause, Owner may terminate this lease and the tenancy hereby created
 by giving to Tenant five (5) days prior written notice of Owner's election
 so to do which notice shall be given, if at all, within the sixty (60)
 days following the date of said occurrence. Rent shall be adjusted as of
 the date of such termination.

 ARTICLE XX
 EMINENT DOMAIN
 SECTION 20.01. Total Condemnation of Leased Premises.
 If the whole of the leased premises shall be acquired or condemned by
 eminent domain for any public or quasi-public use or purpose, then the
 term of this lease shall cease and terminate as of the date of title
 vesting in such proceeding and all rentals shall be paid up to that date
 and Tenant shall have no claim against Owner nor the condemning authority
 for the value of any unexpired term, of this lease.

 SECTION 20.02. Partial Condemnation.

 If any part of the leased premises shall be acquired or condemned as
 aforesaid, and in the event that such partial taking or condemnation shall
 render the leased premises unsuitable for the business of the Tenant, 
 then the term of this lease shall cease and terminate as of the date of
 title vesting in such proceeding. Tenant shall have no claim against Owner
 nor the condemning authority for the value of any unexpired term of this
 lease and rent shall be adjusted to the date of such termination. In the
 event of a partial taking or condemnation which is not extensive enough to
 render the premises unsuitable for the business of the Tenant, then Owner
 shall promptly restore the leased premises to a condition comparable to
 its condition at the time of such condemnation less the portion lost in
 the taking, and this lease shall continue in full force and effect without
 any reduction or abatement of rent.

 SECTION 20.03. Total Condemnation of Parking Area.
 If the whole of the common parking areas in the Shopping Center shall be
 acquired or condemned as aforesaid, then the term of this lease shall
 cease and terminate as of the date of title vesting in such proceeding
 unless Owner shall take immediate steps to provide other parking
 facilities substantially equal to the previously existing ratio between
 the common parking areas and the leased premises, and such substantially
 equal parking facilities shall be provided by Owner at its own expense
 within ninety (90) days from the date of acquisition. In the event that
 Owner shall provide such other substantially equal parking facilities,
 then this lease shall continue in full force and effect without any
 reduction or abatement of rent.

 SECTION 20.04. Owner's Damages.
 In the event of any condemnation or taking as aforesaid, whether whole or
 partial, the Tenant shall not be entitled to any part of the award paid
 for such condemnation and Owner is to receive the full amount of such
 award, the Tenant hereby expressly waiving any right or claim to any part
 thereof.



13



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445



 SECTION 20.05. Tenant's Damages.
 Although all damages in the event of any condemnation are to belong to the
 Owner whether such damages are awarded as compensation for diminution in
 value of the leasehold or to the fee of the leased premises, Tenant shall
 have the right to claim and recover from the condemning authority, but not
 from Owner, such compensation as may be separately awarded or recoverable
 by Tenant in Tenant's own right on account of any and all damage to
 Tenant's business by reason of the condemnation and for or on account of
 any cost or loss to which Tenant might be put in removing Tenant's
 merchandise, furniture, fixtures, leasehold improvements and equipment.  
 Tenant shall have the right to claim and recover from Owner such
 compensation as may be separately awarded or recoverable by Tenant’s own
 right on account of any and all damages to Tenant’s business by reason of
 the condemnation caused by the willful act or gross negligence of Owner or
 its agents.


 SECTION 20.06. Condemnation of Less than a Fee.

 In the event of a condemnation of a leasehold interest in all or a portion
 of the leased premises without the condemnation of the fee simple title
 also, this lease shall not terminate and such condemnation shall not 
 excuse Tenant from full performance of all of its covenants hereunder. 
 but Tenant in such event shall be entitled to present or pursue against
 the condemning authority its claim for and to receive all compensation or
 damages sustained by it by reason of such condemnation, and Owner's right
 to recover compensation or damages shall be limited to compensation for
 and damages if any, to its reversionary interest; it being understood,
 however, that during such time as Tenant shall be out of possession of the
 leased premises by reason of such condemnation, the lease shall not be
 subject to forfeiture for failure to observe and perform those covenants
 not calling for the payment of money. termination at Tenant’s will and
 without any further obligation by Tenant.  In the event the condemning
 authority shall fail to keep the premises in the state of repair required
 hereunder, or to perform any other covenant not calling for the payment of
 money. Tenant shall have ninety (90) days after the restoration of
 possession to it within which to carry out its obligations under such
 covenant or covenants. During such time as Tenant shall be out of
 possession of the leased premises by reason of such leasehold
 Condemnation, Tenant shall not be required to pay to Owner, in lieu of the
 minimum and percentage rents provided for hereunder, and in addition to
 any other payments required of Tenant hereunder, an annual rent equal to
 the average annual minimum and percentage rents paid by Tenant for the
 period from the commencement of the term until the condemning authority
 shall take possession, or during the preceding three (3) full calendar
 years, whichever period is shorter. At any time after such condemnation
 proceedings are commenced, Owner shall have the right, at its option, to
 require Tenant to assign to Owner all compensation and damages payable by
 the condemnor to Tenant, to be held without liability for interest thereon
 as security for the full performance of Tenant's covenants hereunder, such
 compensation and damages received pursuant to said assignment to be
 applied first to the payment of rents and all other sums from time to time
 payable by Tenant pursuant to the terms of this lease as such sums fail
 due, and the remainder, if any, to be payable to Tenant at the end of the
 term hereof or on restoration of possession to Tenant, whichever shall
 first occur, it being understood and agreed that such assignment shall not
 relieve Tenant of any of its obligations under this lease with respect to
 such rents, and other sums except as the same shall be actually received
 by Owner.

 ARTICLE XXI
 DEFAULT OF THE TENANT SECTION
21.01.
 Right to Re-enter.

 In the event of any failure of Tenant to pay any rental due hereunder
 within ten (10) days after the same shall be due, or any failure to
 perform any other of the terms, conditions or covenants of this lease to
 be observed or performed by Tenant for more than thirty (30) days after
 written notice of such default shall have been given to Tenant, or if
 Tenant or an agent of Tenant shall falsify any report required to be
 furnished to Owner pursuant to the terms of this lease, or if Tenant or
 any guarantor of this Lease shall become bankrupt or insolvent, or file
 any debtor proceedings or take or have taken against Tenant or any
 guarantor of this Lease in any court pursuant to any statute either of the
 United Slates or of any State a petition in bankruptcy or insolvency or
 for reorganization or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee of all
 or a portion of Tenant's or any such guarantor's property, or if Tenant or
 any such guarantor makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors. or
 petitions for or enters into an arrangement, or if Tenant shall abandon
 said premises, or suffer this lease to be taken under any writ of
 execution, then Owner besides other rights or remedies it may have, shall
 have the immediate right of re-entry with reasonable notice to Tenant and
 may remove all persons and property from the leased premises, and such
 property may be removed and stored in a public warehouse or elsewhere at
 the cost of, and for the account of Tenant, all without service of notice
 or resort to legal process and without being deemed guilty of trespass.  
 or becoming liable for any loss or damage which may be occasioned thereby.

SECTION 21.02.
 Right to Relet.
 Should Owner elect to re-enter, as herein provided, or should it take
 possession pursuant to legal proceedings or pursuant to any notice
 provided for by law, it may either terminate this lease or it may from
 time to time without terminating this lease, make such alterations and 
 repairs as may be necessary in order to relet the premises, and relet said
 premises or any part thereof for such term or terms (which may be for a
 term extending beyond the term of this lease) and at such rental or
 rentals and upon such other terms and conditions as Owner in its sole
 discretion may deem advisable; upon each such retelling all rentals
 received by the Owner from such retelling shall be applied, first, to the
 payment of any indebtedness



14



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


 other than rent due hereunder from Tenant to Owner; second, to the payment
 of any costs and expenses of such retelling, including brokerage fees and
 attorney's fees and of costs of such alterations and repairs; third, to
 the payment of rent due and unpaid hereunder, and the residue, if any,
 shall be held by Owner and applied in payment of future rent as the same
 may become due and payable hereunder. If such rentals received from such
 retelling during any month be less than that to be paid during that month
 by Tenant hereunder, Tenant shall pay any such deficiency to Owner. Such
 deficiency shall be calculated and paid monthly. No such re-entry or
 taking possession of said premises by Owner shall be construed as an
 election on its part to terminate this lease unless a written notice of
 such intention be given to Tenant or unless the termination thereof be
 decreed by a court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding any such
 reletting without termination, Owner may at any time thereafter elect to
 terminate this lease for such previous breach. Should Owner at any time
 terminate this lease for any breach, in addition to any other remedies it
 may have, it may recover from Tenant all damages it may incur by reason of
 such breach, including the cost of recovering the leased premises,
 reasonable attorney's fees, and including the worth at the time of such
 termination of the excess, if any, of the amount of rent and charges
 equivalent to rent reserved in this lease for the remainder of the stated
 term over the then reasonable rental value of the leased premises for the
 remainder of the stated term, all of which amounts shall be immediately
 due and payable from Tenant to Owner. In determining the rent which would
 be payable by Tenant hereunder, subsequent to default, the annual rent for
 each year of the unexpired term shall be equal to the average annual
 minimum arid percentage rents paid by Tenant from the commencement of the
 term to the time of default, or during the preceding three full calendar
 years, whichever period is shorter.

 SECTION 21.03. Legal Expenses.

 If the Owner deems it necessary to retain an attorney for recovery of
 possession of the leased premises, for the recovery of rent or any other
 amount due under the provisions of this lease, or because of the breach of
 any other covenant herein contained on the part of Tenant to be kept or
 performed, and a breach shall be established, whether or not it was
 necessary to file suit, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover
 all expenses incurred therefore, including a reasonable attorney's fee and
 court costs, if any.

 SECTION 21.04. Waiver of Jury Trial and Counterclaims.

 The parties hereto shall and they hereby do waive trial by jury in any
 action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by either of the parties hereto
 against the other on any matters whatsoever arising out of or in any way
 connected with this lease, the relationship of Owner and Tenant, Tenant's
 use or occupancy of the leased premises, and/or any claim of injury or
 damage. In the event Owner commences any proceedings for non-payment of
 rent, minimum rent, percentage rent or additional rent, Tenant will not
 interpose any counterclaim of whatever nature or description in any such
 proceedings. This shall not, however, be construed as a waiver of the
 Tenant's right to assert such claims in any separate action or actions
 brought by the Tenant.

 SECTION 21.05. Waiver of Rights of Redemption.

 Tenant hereby expressly waives any and all rights of redemption granted by
 or under any present or future laws in the event of Tenant being evicted
 or dispossessed for any cause, or. in the event of Owner obtaining
 possession of the leased premises, by reason of the violation by Tenant of
 any of the covenants or conditions of this lease, or otherwise.


 ARTICLE XXII

 ACCESS BY OWNER

 SECTION 22.01. Right of Entry.

 Owner or Owner's agents shall have the right to enter the leased premises 
 with prior reasonable notice to Tenant at all times to examine the same,
 and to show them to prospective purchasers or lessees of the building, and
 to make such repairs, alterations, improvements or additions as Owners may
 deem necessary or desirable, and Owner shall be allowed to take all
 material into and upon said premises that may be required therefore
 without the same constituting an eviction of Tenant in whole or in part
 and the rent reserved shall in no wise abate while said repairs, 
 alterations, improvements, or additions. are being made, by reason of loss
 or interruption of business of Tenant, or otherwise. During the four 
 months prior to the expiration of the term of this lease or any renewal
 term, owner may exhibit the premises to prospective tenants or purchasers,
 and place upon the premises the usual notices “To Let" or "For Sale" which
 notices Tenant shall permit to remain thereon without molestation. If
 Tenant shall not be personally present to open and permit an entry into
 said premises, at any time, when for any reason an entry therein shall be
 necessary or permissible, Owner or Owner's agents may enter the same by a
 master key, or may forcibly enter the same, without rendering Owner or
 such agents liable therefore, and without in any manner affecting the
 obligations and Covenants of this lease. Nothing herein contained,
 however, shall be deemed or construed to impose upon Owner any obligation,
 responsibility or liability whatsoever, for the care, maintenance or
 repair of the building or any part thereof, except as otherwise herein
 specifically provided.

 SECTION 22.02. Excavation.

 If an excavation shall be made upon land adjacent to the leased premises,
 or shall be authorized to be made, Tenant shall afford to the person
 causing or authorized to cause such excavation, license to enter upon the
 leased premises for the purpose of doing such work as Owner shall deem
 necessary to preserve the wall or the building of which the leased
 premises form a part from injury or damage and to support the same by
 proper foundations, without any claim for damages or indemnification
 against Owner or diminution or abatement of rent.

 ARTICLE XXIII

 TENANT'S PROPERTY

 SECTION 23.01. Taxes on Leasehold.

 Tenant shall be responsible for and shall pay before delinquency all
 municipal, county or state taxes assessed during the term of this lease
 against any leasehold interest' or personal property of any kind, owned by
 or placed in, upon or about the leased premises by the Tenant.




15



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445



 SECTION 23.02. Loss and Damage.

 Owner shall not be liable for any damage to property of Tenant or of
 others located on the leased premises, nor for the loss of or damage to
 any properly of Tenant or of others by theft or otherwise unless damage to
 Tenant or others is caused by the willful act or gross negligence of Owner
 or its agents. . Owner shall not be liable for any injury or damage to
 persons or property resulting from fire, explosion. falling plaster,
 steam, gas, electricity, water, rain or snow or leaks from any part of the
 leased premises or from the pipes, appliances or plumbing works or from
 the roof, street or sub-surface or from any other place or by dampness or
 by any other cause of whatsoever nature unless such injury or damage is
 caused by the willful act or gross negligence of the owner. Owner shall
 not be liable for any damage caused by other tenants or persons in the
 leased premises, occupants of adjacent property, of the Shopping Center,
 or the public, or caused by operations in construction of any private,
 public or quasi-public work. Owner shall not be liable for any latent
 defect in the leased premises or in the building of which they form a part
 except for a period of one (1) year from the date the building is granted
 a Certificate of Occupancy by the applicable governmental authority. All
 property of Tenant kept or stored on the leased premises shall be so kept
 or stored at the risk of Tenant only and Tenant shall hold Owner harmless
 from any claims arising out of damage to the same, including subrogation
 claims by Tenant's insurance carrier, unless such damage shall be caused
 by the willfull act or gross neglect of Owner.

 SECTION 23.03. Notice by Tenant.

 Tenant shall give immediate notice to Owner in case of fire or accidents
 in the leased premises or in the building of which the premises are a part
 of defects therein or in any fixtures or equipment.

 ARTICLE XXIV

 HOLDING OVER, SUCCESSORS
 SECTION 24.01. Holding Over.

 If the Tenant shall occupy said premises with the consent of the Owner
 after the expiration of this Lease, and rent is accepted from said Tenant,
 such occupancy and payment shall be construed as an extension of this
 Lease for the term of one three months only from the date of such
 expiration, and occupation and payment thereafter shall operate to extend
 the term of this Lease for but one month at a time unless other terms of
 such extension are indorsed hereon in writing and signed by the parties
 hereto. In such event if either the Owner or Tenant desires to terminate
 said occupancy at the end of any month after the termination of this
 Lease, the party so desiring to terminate the same shall give the other
 party at least thirty (30) days written notice to that effect. Failure on
 the part of the Tenant to give such notice shall obligate it to pay rent
 for an additional calendar month following the month in which the Tenant
 has vacated the Demised Premises. If such occupancy continues without the
 consent of the Owner, Tenant shall pay to the Owner, as liquidated
 damages, double the amount of rent at the highest rate specified in this
 Lease for the time Tenant retains possession of the premises or any part
 thereof after termination of the term by lapse of time or otherwise, and
 such damages, if any, incurred by Owner to the successor tenant by reason
 of Owner's inability to deliver possession, including attorney's fees and
 court costs incurred by Owner.


 SECTION 24.02. Successors.

 All rights and liabilities herein given to, or imposed upon, the
 respective parties hereto shall extend to and bind the several respective
 heirs, executors, administrators, successors, and assigns of the said
 parties; and if there shall be more than one tenant, they shall all be
 bound jointly and severally by the terms, covenants and agreements herein.
 No rights, however, shall inure to the benefit of any assignee of Tenant
 unless the assignment to such assignee has been approved by Owner in
 writing as provided in Section 16.01 hereof.

 ARTICLE XXV

 QUIET ENJOYMENT

 SECTION 25.01. Owner's Covenant.
 Upon payment by the Tenant of the rents herein provided, and upon the
 observance and performance of all the covenants, terms and conditions on
 Tenant's part to be observed and performed. Tenant shall peaceably and
 quietly hold and enjoy the leased premises for the term hereby demised
 without hindrance or interruption by Owner or any other person or persons
 lawfully or equitably claiming by, through or under the Owner, subject,
 nevertheless, to the terms and conditions of this Lease.

 ARTICLE XXVI

 MISCELLANEOUS

 SECTION 26.01. Waiver.
 The waiver by Owner of any breach of any term, covenant or condition
 herein contained shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such term, covenant
 or condition or any subsequent breach of the same or any other term,
 covenant or condition herein contained. The subsequent acceptance of rent
 hereunder by Owner shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding
 breach by Tenant of any term, covenant or condition of this lease, other
 than the failure of Tenant to pay the particular rental. so accepted,
 regardless of Owners knowledge of such preceding breach at the lime of
 acceptance of such rent. No covenant, term or conditions of this Lease
 shall be deemed to have been waived by Owner, unless such waiver be in
 writing by Owner.  The subsequent acceptance of rent hereunder by Owner
 after Lease expiration as further described in Section 24.01 shall be
 deemed to be a waiver of any preceding breach by Tenant of any term,
 covenant or condition of this lease, regardless of Owners knowledge of
 such preceding breach at the time of acceptance of such rent.

 SECTION 26.02. Accord and Satisfaction.

 No payment by Tenant or receipt by Owner of a lesser amount than the
 monthly rent herein stipulated shall be deemed to be other than on account
 of the earliest stipulated rent, nor shall any endorsement or statement on
 any check or any letter accompany any check or payment as rent be deemed
 an accord and satisfaction, and Owner may accept such




16



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445



 check or payment without prejudice to Owner's right to recover the balance
 of such rent or pursue any other remedy in this lease provided.

 SECTION 26.03. Entire Agreement.
 This lease and the Exhibits, and Rider, if any, attached hereto and
 forming a part hereof, set forth all the covenants, promises, agreements,
 conditions or understandings, either oral or written, between them other
 than are herein set forth. Except as herein otherwise provided, no
 subsequent alteration, amendment, change or addition to this lease shall
 be binding upon Owner or Tenant unless reduced to writing and signed by
 them. Tenant hereby acknowledges that (a) this Lease contains no
 restrictive covenants or exclusives in favor of Tenant; (b) this Lease
 shall not be deemed or interpreted to contain, by implication or
 otherwise, any warranty, representation or agreement on the part of Owner
 that any department store or regional or national chain store or any other
 merchant shall open or remain open for business or occupy or continue to
 occupy any premises in or adjoining the Shopping Center during the term of
 this Lease or any part thereof and Tenant hereby expressly waives all
 claims with respect thereto and acknowledges that Tenant is not relying on
 any such warranty, representation or agreement by Owner either as a matter
 of inducement in entering into this Lease or as a condition of this Lease
 or as a covenant by Owner, unless such warranty, representation or
 agreement is expressly herein set forth.


 SECTION 26.04. No Partnership.

 Owner does not, In any way or for any purpose, become a partner of Tenant
 in the conduct of its business, or otherwise, or Joint adventurer or a
 member of a joint enterprise with Tenant. The provisions of this lease
 relating to the percentage rent payable hereunder are included solely for
 the purpose of providing a method whereby the rent is to be measured and
 ascertained.

 SECTION 26.05. Force Majeure.
 In the event that either party hereto shall be delayed or hindered in or
 prevented from the performance of any act required hereunder by reason of
 strikes, lock-outs, labor troubles, inability to procure materials,
 failure of power, restrictive governmental laws or regulations, riots,
 insurrection, war or other reason of a like nature not the fault of the
 party delayed in performing work or doing acts required under the terms of
 this lease, then performance of such act shall be excused for the period
 of the delay and the period for the performance of any such act shall be
 extended for a period equivalent to the period of such delay. The
 provisions of this section 26.05 shall not operate to excuse Tenant from
 prompt payment of rent, percentage rent, additional rent or any other
 payments required by the terms of this lease.

 SECTION 26.06. Notices.
 Any notice, demand, or request or other instrument which may be or are
 required to be given under this Lease shall be delivered in person or sent
 by United States certified mail postage prepaid and shall be addressed (a)
 if to Owner at the address first hereinabove given or at such other
 address as Owner may designate by written notice and; (b) if to Tenant at
 the leased premises or at such other address as Tenant shall designate by
 written notice, If this lease is guaranteed by any party, then in the case
 of default, any notice by Owner to this effect shall be delivered in the
 above manner' to the Guarantor, at the address contained herein.

 SECTION 26.07. Captions and Section Numbers.
 The captions, section numbers, article numbers, and index appearing in
 this lease are inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way
 define, limit, construe, or describe the scope or intent of such sections
 or articles or this Lease nor in any way affect this Lease.

 SECTION 26.08. Tenant Defined, Use of Pronoun.

 The word "Tenant" shall be deemed and taken to mean each and every person
 or party mentioned as a Tenant herein, be the same one or more; and if
 there shall be more than one Tenant. any notice required or permitted by
 the terms of this

 lease may be given by or to any one thereof, and shall have the same force
 and effect as if given by or to all thereof: The use of the neuter
 singular pronoun to refer to Owner or Tenant shall be deemed a proper
 reference even though Owner or Tenant may be an individual, a partnership,
 a corporation, or a group of two or more individuals or corporations. The
 necessary grammatical changes required to make the provisions of this
 lease apply in the plural sense where there is more than one Owner or
 Tenant and to either corporations, associations, partnerships, or
 individuals, males or females, shall in all instances be assumed as though
 in each case fully expressed.

 SECTION 26.09. Broker's Commission.

 Tenant represents and warrants that there are no claims for brokerage
 commissions or finder's fees in connection with the execution of this
 Lease, excepting Brinwo Development Corp. and agrees to indemnify Owner
 against, and hold it harmless from all liabilities arising from any such
 claim, including cost of counsel fees.

 SECTION 26.10. Partial Invalidity.
 If any term, covenant or condition of this Lease or the application
 thereof to any person or circumstance shall, to any extent, be invalid or
 unenforceable, the remainder of this Lease, or the application of such
 term, covenant or condition to persons or circumstances other than those
 as to which it is held Invalid or unforceable, shall not be enacted
 thereby and each term, covenant or condition of this lease shall be valid
 and be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law.

 SECTION 26.11. No Option.

 The submission by Owner to Tenant of this Lease shall be deemed solely for
 Tenant's consideration and not for acceptance. Such submission shall have
 no binding force or effect, shall not constitute an option for the leasing
 of the premises herein described, nor confer any rights or impose any
 obligations upon either party. The execution and return of




17



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445



 this Lease by Tenant to Owner shall be deemed Tenant's offer to lease the
 leased premises. This Lease shall have no binding force and effect unless
 and until Tenant and Owner shall have executed this Lease and a duplicate
 executed original hereof shall have been returned by Owner to Tenant.

SECTION 26.12,
 Recording.
 Tenant shall not record this Lease without the written consent of Owner.
 Owner shall have the right to record this Lease and, at the request of the
 Owner, the Tenant agrees to execute the necessary acknowledgments required
 to record this Lease. In either short form or long form.

SECTION 26.13.
 Outside Displays.
 The Tenant shall not display any merchandise, place vending machines or
 showcases, or other obstructions, on the outside of the building of the
 demised premises, or in any lobby or passageway adjoining the same, which
 shall extend beyond the store front of the demised premises.

 SECTION 26.14. Exculpation.
 Tenant agrees that it shall look solely to the estate and property of the
 Owner in the land and buildings comprising the Shopping Center of which
 the demised premises are a part, for the collection of any judgment (or
 any other judicial process) requiring the payment of money by Owner in the
 event of any default or breach by Owner with respect to any of the terms,
 covenants and conditions of this lease to be observed and/or performed by
 Owner, and no other property or estates of the Owner shall be subject to
 levy, execution or other enforcement procedures for the satisfaction of
 Tenant's remedies.


 ARTICLE XXVII
 RULES AND REGULATIONS


 SECTION 27.01. Rules and Regulations


 (a) TENANT AGREES AS FOLLOWS:

(1)
           All loading and unloading of goods shall be done only at such
           times, in the areas, and through the entrances, designed for
           such purposes by Owner.

(2)
           The delivery or shipping of merchandise, supplies and fixtures
           to and from the leased premises shall be subject to such rules
           and regulations as in the judgment of Owner are necessary for
           the proper operation of the leased premises or Shopping Center.

(3)
           All garbage and refuse shall be kept in the kind of container
           specified by Owner, and shall be placed outside of the premises
           prepared for collection in the manner and at the times and
           places specified by Owner. If Owner shall provide or designate a
           service for picking up refuse and garbage, Tenant shall use same
           at Tenant's cost. Tenant shall pay the cost of removal of any of
           Tenant's refuse or rubbish.

(4)
           No radio or television or other similar device shall be
           installed without first obtaining in each instance Owner's
           consent in writing. No aerial shall be erected on the roof or
           exterior walls of the premises, or on the grounds, without in
           each instance, the written consent of Owner. Any aerial so
           installed without such written consent shall be subject to
           removal without notice at any time.

(5)
           No loud speakers, televisions, phonographs, radios or other
           devices shall be used in a manner so as to be heard or seen
           outside of the premises without written consent of Owner.

(6)
           If the leased premises are equipped with heating facilities
           separate from those in the remainder of the Shopping Center,
           Tenant shall keep the leased premises at a temperature
           sufficiently high to prevent freezing of water in pipes and
           fixtures.

(7)
           The outside areas immediately adjoining the premises shall be
           kept clean and free from snow, Ice, dirt and rubbish by Tenant
           to the satisfaction of Owner, and Tenant shall not place or
           permit any obstructions or merchandise in such areas.

(8)
           Tenant and Tenant's employees shall park their cars only in
           those portions of the parking area designated for that purpose
           by Owner. Tenant shall furnish Owner with State automobile
           license numbers assigned to Tenant's car or cars, and cars of
           Tenant's employees, within five (5) days after taking possession
           of the premises and shall thereafter notify Owner of any changes
           within five (5) days after such changes occur. In the event that
           Tenant or its employees fail to park their cars in designated
           parking areas as aforesaid, then Owner at its option shall
           charge Tenant ten dollars ($10.00) per day per car parked in any
           area other than those designated, as and for liquidated damage.

(9)
           The plumbing facilities shall not be used for any other purpose
           than that for which they are constructed, and no foreign
           substance of any kind shall be thrown therein, and the expense
           of any breakage, stoppage, or damage resulting from a violation
           of this provision shall be borne by Tenant, who shall, or whose
           employees, agents or invitees shall have caused it.




18



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


(10)
           Tenant shall not burn any trash or garbage of any kind in or
           about the leased premises, the Shopping Center, or within one
           mile of the outside property lines of the Shopping Center.

(11)
           Lessee shall not use the Common Areas in the Shopping Center for
           business or promotional purposes, nor shall Lessee place any
           merchandise, rack, sign, or other items on the sidewalk or other
           area of the Shopping Center.

(12)
           Lessee shall, at Lessee's expense, contract for the regular and
           professional maintenance and repair of the air conditioning and
           heating system by a licensed air conditioning/heating
           contractor.

(13)
           No odors or vapors will be permitted or caused to emanate from
           the Demised Premises.

(14)
           Tenant shall install and maintain at a readily available
           location within the Demised Premises a fire extinguisher of the
           type acceptable to the local fire department authorities.

(15)
           Tenant will not use, permit, or suffer the use of any portion of
           the Demised Premises as living, sleeping, or lodging quarters.

(16)
           No live animals will be kept on or within Demised Premises,
           except if otherwise expressly provided under the Permitted Use.

(17)
           All signs to be displayed within the Demised Premises are to be
           in a neat, orderly, professional Manner,

(18)
           Tenant shall not place any video. electronic, or other game
           device within the Demised Premises. Tenant will not place any
           vending machines within the Demised Premises unless intended for
           the sole use of Tenant's employees.

(19)
           Tenant acknowledges that the above "Rules and Regulations" may
           be added to, amended, modified, or otherwise changed from time
           to time during the term of this lease as the Owner, at his sole
           discretion, deems appropriate.


 IN WITNESS WHEROF the respective parties hereto have caused these presents
 to be signed sealed and delivered, or, in the event the respective parties
 hereto or one of them is a corporation, have caused these presents to be
 signed, sealed and delivered in the respective corporate names by the duly
 authorized officers and attested to by the secretaries and the corporate
 seals be affixed hereto by order of the Board of Directors, on the date
 first above written.


 
 
 OWNER
 BRP PROPERTIES, A FLORIDA GENERAL PARTNERSHIP
 
 


  
 Witness
 
 FEIN COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES, LLP
  BY: MARVIN FEINSTEIN, PARTNER

  
 Witness
 
 Dated:

 
 
 
 TENANT

 BRIGHT MOUNTAIN LLC, A FLORIDA LIMITED LIABILITY CORP.
 
 


  
 Witness
 
 BY: ANNETTE CASACCI, CHIEF FINANCIAL  OFFICER


  
 Witness
 
 Dated:




19



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445





 ADDENDUM "A
 BOCARAY PLAZA
 DELRAY BEACH, FLORIDA

 ADDENDUM TO LEASE dated JULY 31, 2014 between BRP PROPERTIES, A FLORIDA
 GENERAL PARTNERSHIP, (LESSOR) and BRIGHT MOUNTAIN, LLC, A FLORIDA LIMITED
 LIABILITY CORP. (LESSEE), COVERING APPROXIMATELY 2,150 SQUARE FEET,
 LOCATED AT THE BOCARAY PLAZA, BAY 17A, 4900 LINTON BLVD., DELRAY BEACH,
 FLORIDA 33445.

 Notwithstanding anything contained herein, it is agreed that:

1.
 The base rental per square foot shall be as follows:

A.  
 Year 1:

Rate Per Square Foot
$
13.00
Annual Base Rent
$
27,950.00
Base Rent
$
2,329.17
*CAM
$
1,316.88
Sales Tax
$
218.76
Monthly Total
$
3,864.81

B.
Year 2:

Rate Per Square Foot
$
13.39
Annual Base Rent
$
28,788.50
Base Rent
$
2,399.04
*CAM
$
 

C.
Year 3:

Rate Per Square Foot
$
13.79
Annual Base Rent
$
29,648.50
Base Rent
$
2,470.71
*CAM
$
 

*D.    
            Common Area Maintenance shall be billed at Tenant's pro-rata
            share on a triple net basis for real estate taxes, insurance
            and utilities.  All other operating expenses shall be capped
            yearly at four (4%) percent . The current estimated CAM charge
            is $7.35 per square foot.  

2.
 Upon execution of this Lease, the Landlord acknowledges receipt of the
 following funds:

 A.
First Month's Prepaid Rent:
$
3,864.81
Last Month’s Prepaid
$
4,014.85
Security Deposit:
$
3,864.81
Total
$
11,744.47

B.
 If Tenant pays twenty three (23) months of rent and is not in default on
 their rent under the proper monthly payment guidelines as listed in the
 “Addendum A, section 1” , Landlord will apply the last month’s rent
 towards the twenty fourth (24th) month.

3.
 Radon Gas:  Radon is a naturally occurring radioactive gas that, when it
 has accumulated in a building in sufficient quantities, may present health
 risks to persons who are exposed to it over time.  Levels of radon that
 exceed Federal and State guidelines have been found in buildings in
 Florida.  Additional information regarding radon and radon testing may be
 obtained from your county public health unit.

4.
 Past Due Rent and Additional Rent.  If any rents or other monies due under
 this Lease are not paid within ten (10) days to Landlord when due under
 the terms of this Lease, then there shall also be immediately due and
 payable a late charge at the rate of FIVE CENTS ($.05) for each dollar of
 such delinquent payment for each month of delinquency.  Said monies due
 under this clause shall be considered additional rent.

5.  
 OPTION:   Provided this Lease is in good standing and Lessee is not in
 default hereunder, Lessor hereby grants to Lessee the right, privilege and
 option of extending this Lease for one (1) term of three (3) years each
 from the date of the expiration hereof, provided that Lessee shall give
 Lessor written notice of Lessee's intention to exercise the option not
 less than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to the expiration of the
 initial term.  All of the terms, covenants, and conditions of this Lease
 shall apply during any and all extended terms. However, in no event and
 under no circumstances shall the new rent result in rental payments of
 less than that provided hereunder in this Lease.  All terms and conditions
 pertaining to the option period, regarding escalations of rent shall be as
 follows:    

i.
                  Annual base rent for Year 1 thru Year 3 of the option
                  renewal term shall be at a rate of three (3%) percent
                  over the previous year’s rate.
ii.
                  All terms and conditions pertaining to the CAM billing
                  shall remain in full force and effect.




20



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445



6.
  It shall be the Tenant's responsibility to have Tenant's telephone
  company and the computer company obtain the necessary low voltage permits
  required by the City of Delray Beach.

7.
 Insurance.  The Tenant shall be required to carry a policy covering the
 demised premises as outlined in Article XIII of this Lease under Insurance
 and Indemnity.  Said policy shall contain a minimum requirement of 
 $300,000 combined single limits of liability and $100,000 fire legal
 liability.  The Landlord shall be listed as an additional insured.

8.
 Rental payments shall be made payable to the Landlord's agent, Brinwo
 Development Corp. and sent to 150 S. University Drive, Suite D,
 Plantation, FL 33324.

9.
 Tenant Improvements:
     A.
  The Landlord shall provide the following:
a.
 Remove walls as shown in Exhibit ”A” Floor Plan (1)
b.
 Repair the necessary areas of the existing wooden flooring
c.
 Build out the walls as shown on exhibit “B”
d.
 Paint interior of premises.
e.
 Provide two (2) new, three (3) ton A/C units
f.  
 All broken, stained, and discolored ceiling tiles shall be replaced.
g.
         All plumbing, electrical outlets, and light fixtures in good
         working order.
h.
         HVAC in good working condition.

B.
                    Tenant shall be responsible for the following:
a.
                            New carpeted areas
b.
                            Cost relating to the one way mirrored window in
                            the front office.

           10.
 The parties agree that all of the other terms and conditions of the lease
 shall remain in full force and effect.

           11.
 If this Lease Addendum has been filled in, it has been prepared for
 submission to your attorney for his approval.  No representation or
 recommendation is made by the Real Estate Broker or its agents or
 employees as to the legal sufficiency, legal effect or tax consequences of
 this Lease or the transactions relating thereto.

 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have respectively signed and sealed this
 Lease Addendum.


 
WITNESSES FOR LANDLORD
BRP PROPERTIES, A FLORIDA
 
 
GENERAL PARTNERSHIP
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
________________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________
 
 
FEIN COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES, LLP
 
 
BY: MARVIN FEINSTEIN, PARTNER
 
 
 
 
________________________________________________________
Dated:_______________________________________________
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WITNESSES FOR TENANT
BRIGHT MOUNTAIN, LLC
 
 
A FLORIDA LIMITED LIABILITY CORP.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
________________________________________________________
_______________________________________________________
 
 
BY: ANNETTE CASACCI
 
 
Title:  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
 
 
 
 
________________________________________________________
Dated: ______________________________________________








21



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


EXHIBIT “A”

 FLOOR PLAN (1)

 [[bmaq_ex10z25002.gif]]




22



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


EXHIBIT “B”

 FLOOR PLAN (2)
 [[bmaq_ex10z25004.gif]]





23



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


EXHIBIT “C”

 SITE PLAN

 [[bmaq_ex10z25006.gif]]



24



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


 EXHIBIT "D"
 CONSTRUCTION SPECIFICATIONS
 Owner agrees to construct for Tenant the area designated as Leased
 Premises on Exhibit "A" and Exhibit “B” The responsibilities between Owner
 and Tenant shall be as hereinafter set forth. Owner's work shall be done
 at Owner's sole cost and expense in accordance with applicable building
 codes. Tenant's work shall be done at Tenant's sole cost and expense in
 accordance with applicable building codes and be completed within thirty
 (30) days after completion of Owner's work.


 OWNER'S WORK
1.
 Building shell. Building shell shall include and be limited to:
(a)
      Complete insulated roofing system;
(b)
      Complete structural roof system with columns, beams, rafters (exposed
      construction);
(c)
      Rear wall and rear hollow metal door with steel frame.

2.
 Finished concrete floor slab. ( Sealer applied to toilet floor only. )
3.
      Demising wall partitions. Demising wall partitions shall be metal
      studs covered with 5/B" dry wall. Dry wall shall be taped, sanded.
      primed and ready for Tenant's finish paint.

4.
      Storefront, including glazing. Storefront shall be comprised of fixed
      clear glass with aluminum frame and a single entry glass door with
      closer unless otherwise noted.

5.
      Electrical service to premises. Meter can, 120/208V. 3 phase, 4 wire
      service panel, 125 amp capacity for stores up to 2500 sq. ft. Over
      2500 sq. ft. as required by code.

6.
      Wall outlets with wiring per code (12"above finished floor) and
      conduit for Tenant sign outlet as shown on base plan.
7.
 Water and sewer service to premises. 3/4" water line and 4" sanitary sewer
 line.
8.
 Fire sprinkler system with heads if required by code.
9.
 Telephone conduit to premises.
10.
 Ceiling and Mechanical Systems:
(a)
      Install HVA/C unit, with heat strips, ductwork, diffusers, register,
      and thermostat;
(b)
      Install suspended acoustic ceiling on 2' x 4' exposed white grid
      system;
(c)
      Install 2' x 4' recessed light fixtures (approximately one for every
      150 sq. ft. of space);
(d)
      Exit and emergency lights according to code.
(e)
      Lights switched at panel.
11.
 One toilet room complete:
(a)
      Water closet, lavatory with cold water, to meet handicap requirements
      as required by code;
(b)
      Dry wall, ready for paint, lay-in tile ceiling and hollow core door
      with privacy lock;
(c)
      One light fixture and one exhaust Ian;
(d)
      Tissue dispenser.
(e)
      14 x 22 mirror.




25



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


 TENANT'S WORK
  All Tenant's work future improvements to leased premises, if  any, during
  the leased period shall conform to all applicable governing codes and
  Owner's outline plans and specifications and shall apply to include, but
  is not limited to, any the work listed below. Any work required that is
  not listed in this Exhibit shall be Tenant's work.

1.  
 Architectural:
a.
            Interior partitions, doors and windows;
b.
            Any wall and floor finishes;
c.
            Provide and install water meter.
2.
 Electrical:
d.
            Any and all electrical work required by Tenant which Is not
            Owner's obligation;
e.
            Telephone installation;
f.
            Electric meter, deposit and Installation.

3.
      Plumbing. Tenant shall pay any water and/or sewer charges or deposits
      Imposed by any governing authority and the amount paid by Owner on
      Tenant's behalf.

4.
   Plans and specifications:
      Tenant will furnish four (4) complete sets of store plans with
      specifications to the Owner for Owner's approval within thirty (30)
      days alter the execution of this lease improvements or alterations.

5  
      Tenant will pay for any utility charges associated with the leased
      premises during and after construction of the leased premises.

6.
      Tenant will require any contractor or sub-contractor to remove and
      dispose of, at least once a week, all debris and rubbish caused by
      Tenant's work and upon completion to remove all temporary structures,
      debris and rubbish of whatever kind remaining on any part of the
      Shopping Center.

7.
      Tenant and/or Tenant's contractors and sub-contractors shall be
      required to provide, in addition to the insurance required to be
      maintained by Tenant, the following types of insurance and the
      following minimum amounts naming Owner and any other persons having
      interest in the whole Shopping Center as additional insureds as their
      interest may appear, issued by companies approved by Owner, should
      Tenant desire any improvements during the lease term.

(a)
    Workmen's Compensation coverage with limits of at least $500,000.00 for
   the employers liability
   coverage thereunder;
(b)
     Builders Risk-Completed Value fire and extended coverage covering
     damage to the construction and
     improvements to be made by Tenant in amounts of at least equal to the
     estimated completed cost of
     said construction and improvements with 100% coinsurance protection;
(c)
     Automobile. Liability coverage with bodily injury limits of at least
     $500,000.00 per person,
     $1,000,000.00 per accident and $500,000.00 per accident for property
     damage;
(d)
     Payment and Performance bonds for 100% of the value of the work to be
     accomplished, All bonds
     shall be dual or multiple obligee bonds, inuring to the benefit of
     Owner, Tenant and other persons as
     Owner shall require original or duplicate policies for all of the
     foregoing insurance shall be
     delivered to Owner before Tenant's work is started and before any
     contractor's equipment is moved
     to any part of the whole Shopping Center. In all other respects the
     insurance coverage above
     mentioned shall comply with the provision of Article XIII of this
     lease.

8.
      All work done by Tenant will be by licensed contractors. Owner may
     post notice on non-responsibility for Tenant's work.
9.
     Tenant shall not make any through the roof or exterior wall
     penetrations, changes to electrical service in the shopping center
     meter rooms, or changes to the plumbing and sanitary sewer service for
     the leased premises, without the prior written approval of Owner.









26



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


 EXHIBIT "E"
 TENANT'S OUTDOOR SIGN SPECIFICATIONS

 Tenant shall be required to conform with the following construction
 specifications unless Tenant obtains a waiver thereof in writing from
 Landlord:


 INTENT:
      Well designed, forceful and effective signs are to be encouraged as
      being beneficial to Owner and Tenant alike and as being helpful in
      creating a decorative atmosphere for the Center. As much freedom will
      be 'permitted as is compatible with the harmonious relationship
      between signs so that each Tenant receives fair treatment; no Tenant
      takes unfair advantage over others and the general effect adds to,
      rather than detracts from, the overall appearance of the Center.


 LOCATION OF SIGN:
 The location of the Tenant's outdoor sign shall be on the face of the
 building as shown on Exhibit I and attached hereto and made a part hereof.
 REGULATIONS:
 Approval


1.
      The shop drawing for Tenant's sign must be submitted to the Landlord
      in duplicate for approval and no work is to commence until said
      approval is received by the Tenant from the Landlord. Landlord's
      approval shall not relieve the Tenant from the duty of conforming
      with any and all applicable city and county ordinances, laws,
      regulations and inspections.


2.
      No neon, plastic, showcard, or other permanent or non­permanent signs
      shall be located on, in front of, or immediately behind store front
      glass area. However, small unlighted identification signs of suitable
      design and material may be approved at the discretion of the
      Landlord.


3.
      The Landlord reserves the right to have all non-approved signs,
      letters and symbols removed, at Tenant's cost, including all
      reasonable attorney's fees and costs if incurred.

 GENERAL REQUIREMENTS:

 Type

 The Tenant must install a sign of the following type. No other type will
 be permitted. Plastic - Individual letters mounted on internally
 illuminated face, sides of channel to be anodized aluminum.
 Specific Prohibitions
1.
      No iridescent painted signs.
2.
      No daylight - fluorescent plastic signs.
3.
      No moving, flashing, or blinking signs.
4.
      No exposed neon signs.
5.
      No logos permitted.
6.
      No box signs.
 Content
1.
      Lettering shall be restricted to the company name and/or the title of
      its principal business.
2.
      No slogans or trade names.
3.
      Permits, underwriters labels, sign fabricators, etc. shall be located
      so as to be completely inconspicuous.
 Size
1.
       Length of sign shall not exceed two-thirds (2/3) the width of
       Tenant's rental store unit, i.e. 20' rental store equals 13'5". 25'
       rental store equals 16'10.
2.
       The maximum height of the signs shall not, exceed 20" '
3.
       The minimum height of the signs shall not be less than 12".
4.
       No part of any sign shall project more than 8 inches beyond building
       facade surface, above the covered walk.






27



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445




 Color

 Color of sign shall be limited to a white.

 Construction:
1.
       All necessary writing, transformers, ballasts, starters, and other
       necessary equipment shall be concealed.
2.
       Signs shall be mounted on the area above the covered walk and may
       not project above the facade as shown on Exhibit “I
3.
       No sign may be mounted on the premises roof, or any projection above
       premises roof, whether under Tenant's jurisdiction or not.
4.
       All work shall be done in workmanlike manner by master mechanics.
5.
       Any damage to fascia shall be repaired' by Tenant at Tenant's
       expense and to Landlord's satisfaction and approval.
6.
       All local ordinances must be complied with, and Tenant shall obtain
       a permit for each sign.
7.
       Tenant's sign company must carry adequate insurance to cover any
       accident or damage.
8.
       No painting of any type will be permitted of fascia.
9.
      Upon vacating the Demised Premises, Tenant shall remove sign and
      restore fascia to original condition at the Tenant's expense, and to
      the satisfaction and approval of the Landlord.
 10. Contractor to inspect Landlord's sample tenant sign in leasing office
 prior to construction.










28



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445




 EXHIBIT “E1”


 TENANT SIGN LOCATION


 [[bmaq_ex10z25008.gif]]











29



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain LLC
4900 Linton Blvd, Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445




 E X H I B I T  “ F “


 HEATING AND AIR CONDITIONING MAINTENANCE PROVISION


 Tenant at it’s sole cost, shall maintain the air conditioning (including
 heating) unit(s) for the leased premises in good condition and repair
 throughout the term of this lease.


 As a part of its air conditioning maintenance obligation, Tenant shall
 enter into an annual contract with an air conditioning repair firm, fully
 licensed to repair air conditioning units in the state of Florida, which
 firm shall:


1.
 Regularly perform maintenance service the air conditioning unit(s) on the
 leased premises on a quarterly basis, changing belts, filters, and other
 parts as required.


2.
 Perform emergency and extraordinary repairs on the air conditioning
 unit(s).


3.
Keep a detailed record of all services performed on the leased premises and 
prepare a yearly, service report to
 be furnished to the Tenant at the end of each calendar year.


 Tenant shall furnish to Owner, at the end of each calendar year, a copy of
 said yearly service report; Not later than thirty (30) days prior to the
 date of commencement of the term of this lease and annually thereafter,
 Tenant shall furnish to Owner a copy of the air conditioning maintenance
 contract described above, and proof that the annual premium for the
 maintenance contract has been paid.  Nothing stated hereinabove shall
 limit Tenant’s obligation to maintain the air conditioning unit(s) in good
 condition and repair throughout the term of this lease.






30



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Bright Mountain , LLC
4900 Linton Blvd., Bay 17A
Delray Beach, FL  33445


IAC PROPERTIES
PLANTATION COMMUNITY PLAZA
ADDENDUM “B”

ADDENDUM to Lease dated the 15th day of August, 2014, between BRP PROPERTIES, A
FLORIDA GENERAL PARTNERSHIP,  LANDLORD and BRIGHT MOUNTAIN LLC, A FLORIDA
LIMITED LIABILITY CORP., TENANT, covering approximately 2,150 square feet of
space in the office building known as BOCARAY PLAZA, located at 4900 LINTON
BLVD., BAY 17A, DELRAY BEACH, FL 33445.


NOTWITHSTANDING anything contained herein to the contrary, it is agreed 
that:      

1.
         The lease commencement date shall be AUGUST 15, 2014 .

2.
         The rent commencement rate shall be OCTOBER 1, 2014.

3.
         The lease expiration date shall be SEPTEMBER 30, 2017.

4.
         All other terms and conditions shall remain in full force and
         effect.

5.
         The parties hereto have executed this Lease Addendum on the dates
         specified. If this Lease Addendum  has been filled in, it has been
         prepared for submission to your attorney for his approval.  No
         representation or recommendation is made by the real estate broker
         or its agents or employees as to the legal sufficiency, legal
         effect, or tax consequences of this Lease or the transactions
         relating thereto.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have respectively signed and sealed this 
ADDENDUM.


WITNESSES

 
BRP PROPERTIES, A FLORIDA GENERAL PARTNERSHIP

 


 
FEIN COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES LLP
BY: Marvin Feinstein, Partner

Dated:





WITNESSES

 
BRIGHT MOUNTAIN LLC
A FLORIDA LIMITED LIABILITY CORP.

 


 
BY: Annette Casacci, Chief Financial Officer

Dated:






