 EX-10.1 2 v392881_ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
            Exhibit 10.1 
 
JUBILANT CADISTA PHARMACEUTICALS INC.
207 Kiley Drive
Salisbury, Maryland 21801
 
 
 
August 12, 2014
 
 
Jubilant Draximage Inc.
16751 Trans-Canada Highway
Kirkland, Quebec
Canada H9H 414
 
Jubilant Pharma Limited.
80 Raffles Place
UOB Plaza 1, #26-01
Singapore 048624
 
Re: Loan Agreement, dated August 23, 2013, by and between Jubilant 
Draximage Inc. and Jubilant Cadista Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
Reference is made to that certain Loan Agreement, dated August 23, 2013 
(the “Loan Agreement”), by and between Jubilant Draximage Inc., a 
corporation organized under the laws of Canada (“Borrower”), and Jubilant 
Cadista Pharmaceuticals Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the 
State of Delaware (“Lender”), which is guaranteed by Jubilant Pharma 
Limited, a corporation organized under the laws of Singapore (“Guarantor”). 
Unless otherwise defined in this letter or the context otherwise indicates, 
each capitalized term used in this letter has the meaning ascribed to it in 
the Loan Agreement.
 
As you know, the Loan Agreement currently has a Maturity Date of August 22, 
2014. In accordance with the terms of the Loan Agreement, Borrower has 
requested a one year extension of the Maturity Date and Lender is willing 
to extend the Maturity Date in accordance with the terms described in this 
letter.
 
This will confirm the agreement among the Borrower, Lender and Guarantor 
with respect to such extension as follows:
 
1. The Maturity Date is hereby extended until August 31, 2015, and the term 
“Maturity Date” as used in the Loan Agreement or the Note shall mean August 
31, 2015.
 

 

 

 
Page 2
August, 2014
 
2. Except for the extension of the Maturity Date as set forth in Paragraph 
1, the terms and provisions of the Loan Agreement and the Note shall remain 
in full force and effect. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
this letter shall be limited precisely as written and shall not operate as 
a consent to any other action or inaction by the Borrower or the Guarantor, 
or as a waiver or amendment of any right, power, or remedy of the Lender 
under the Loan Agreement or the Note nor constitute a consent to any action 
or inaction, or a waiver or amendment of any provision contained in the 
Loan Agreement and the Note except as specifically provided herein. Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, and for the avoidance of doubt, 
nothing contained in this letter shall limit or be deemed to limit Lender’s 
right to demand repayment of all or any portion of the outstanding 
principal amount of the Loan, accrued and unpaid interest, together with 
prepayment fees and other sums and expenses, pursuant to Section 3 of the 
Loan Agreement, regardless of whether an Event of Default has occurred.
 
3. (a) Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Lender that:
 
    (i) No default or Event of Default will exist after giving effect to
    this letter;
 
    (ii) Giving effect to this letter, the representations and warranties
    set forth in the Loan Agreement are, subject to the limitations set
    forth therein, true and correct in all material respects as of the date
    hereof (except for those which expressly relate to an earlier date);
     
    (iii) Each of the Guarantor and the Borrower has the organizational
    power and authority to execute and deliver this letter and to perform
    its obligations hereunder and under the Loan Agreement, the Note and
    the Guaranty giving effect to the extension of the Maturity Date
    effectuated hereby and has taken all necessary organizational action to
    authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of this letter;
    and
 
    (iv) Each of the Guarantor and the Borrower has duly executed and
    delivered this letter, and this letter constitutes its legal, valid and
    binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms.
 
(b) The Guarantor hereby makes the same representations and warranties to 
Lender, after giving effect to the extension of the Maturity Date set forth 
in Paragraph 1, as set forth in Paragraph 3(a)(iii) and (iv) as if set 
forth herein mutatis mutandis.
 
4. Each of the Borrower and the Guarantor hereby:
 
(a) Agrees that it is truly and justly indebted to the Lender for all of 
the Borrower’s obligations under the Loan Agreement and the Note without 
defense, offset or counterclaim of any kind whatsoever and reaffirms and 
admits the validity and enforceability of the Loan Agreement, the Note and 
the Guaranty to which it is a party;
 
(b) Consents to the execution and delivery of this letter by the Borrower 
and the Guarantor and to the terms and conditions set forth herein and any 
other waivers, consents or amendments which the Lender deems appropriate;
 

 

 

 
Page 3
August, 2014
 
(c) Agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Loan Agreement as 
modified by this letter;
 
(d) Acknowledges and agrees that all obligations of the Borrower under the 
Loan Agreement, as modified by this letter, are included in the obligations 
guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Loan Agreement; and
 
(e) Notwithstanding any prior disregard of any of the terms of the Loan 
Agreement or the Note, agrees that the terms of the Loan Agreement and Note 
shall be strictly adhered to on and after the date hereof in accordance 
with the terms hereof.
 
5. The Borrower and the Guarantor will each execute such additional 
documents as are reasonably requested by the Lender to reflect the terms 
and conditions of this letter and will cause to be delivered such 
agreements, certificates, and other documents as are reasonably required by 
the Lender.
 
6. This letter shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, 
without giving effect to conflict of law principles.
 
Please acknowledge your agreement to the foregoing by executing a 
counterpart of this letter and returning it to the undersigned.
 
  	 
  	Very truly yours,
  	 
  	JUBILANT CADISTA PHARMACEUTICALS INC.
  	 
  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Kamal Mandan
  	  	Name: KAMAL MANDAN
  	  	Title: Chief Financial Officer
 
Accepted and Agreed to this 12th 	 
Day of August, 2014 	 
  	 
JUBILANT DRAXIMAGE INC. 	 
  	 
By: 	/s/ Rahul Devnani 	 
  	Name: RAHUL DEVNANI 	 
  	Title: V.P. FINANCE 	 
  	 
JUBILANT PHARMA LIMITED 	 
  	 
By: 	/s/ Hari S. Bhartia 	 
  	Name: HARI S. BHARTIA 	 
  	Title: DIRECTOR 	 
 
 

 

 