 EX-10.1 2 v394024_ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
 
Exhibit 10.1
 
AGREEMENT AND RELEASE
 
This agreement (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into on this 11th day 
of November, 2014 (the “Effective Date”) by and between Deborah J. Meinert 
(“Executive”) and Escalade, Incorporated, an Indiana corporation (“
Escalade”) regarding Executive’s termination from all positions held by 
Executive with Escalade and its various subsidiaries and affiliates. 
Escalade and Executive are sometimes referred to collectively as the “
parties” and individually as a “party,” and the term “Company” shall mean 
Escalade and its various subsidiaries and affiliates collectively.
	
Recitals:
 
	A.	Executive is the Vice President Finance, Chief Financial Officer, and 
Secretary of Escalade, an officer of various Escalade subsidiaries and 
affiliates, and a director of Escalade Insurance, Inc.; and
 
	B.	Executive’s employment with the Company will terminate on December 27, 
2014.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained in this 
Agreement, the Company and Executive agree as follows:
 
	1.	Termination. Executive hereby acknowledges her termination from her 
positions as Vice President Finance, Chief Financial Officer, and Secretary 
of Escalade and from all other officer and director positions that she 
holds with the Company, effective as of December 27, 2014 (the “Employment 
End Date”). Executive acknowledges and agrees as of the Employment End Date 
she also ceases to serve as a trustee or other administrator of any and all 
Company benefit plans, including without limitation the Company’s 
retirement plan.
 
2.	Compensation and Benefits. Provided that Executive fulfills her 
obligations as set forth in this Agreement, including the execution and 
non-revocation of the Additional Release as contemplated and described in 
Section 11(f), the Company shall pay to Executive the following severance 
benefits:
 
	(a)	The Company shall continue to pay the Executive her Base Salary and 
continue her Employee Benefits through the Employment End Date. Following 
the end of the Company’s 2014 fiscal year, the Company will determine if 
Incentives have been met and the incentive compensation amount payable to 
the Executive for such full fiscal year. The Company shall pay the 
Executive the amount of any such incentive compensation upon the later of 
75 days of the end of such fiscal year or the date the Company makes 
incentive payments to other employees receiving similar Incentives. In 
addition, the Executive shall also receive payment equal to six months Base 
Salary, payable in installments over such six month period accordance with 
the regular payroll practices of the Company as applicable to the Executive 
immediately prior to termination.
         

 

 

         
(b)	All equity incentive awards granted to the Executive and outstanding at 
the time that the Executive’s employment with the Company is terminated 
shall be treated in the manner set forth in the applicable incentive 
compensation plan of the Company, provided, however, that all such equity 
incentive awards held by the Executive that have not vested prior to the 
Employment End Date shall vest in full immediately prior to such 
termination and shall be exercisable for a period of at least 90 days 
thereafter.
         
(c)	Following the Employment End Date, the Executive and her family members 
who are covered by the Company’s medical plan immediately prior to such 
termination shall be entitled to elect the continuation of such health care 
benefits under the provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget 
Reconciliation Act or any substantially equivalent successor law (“COBRA
”), subject to meeting ongoing eligibility requirements. Provided Executive 
timely elects COBRA continuation coverage, the Company will pay the 
applicable COBRA premiums on her behalf for six months following the 
Employment End Date and the Executive shall be responsible for all COBRA 
premiums thereafter.
 
(d)	Promptly following the Employment End Date, the Executive may remove 
all of her personal items, including office furnishings, from the Company’s 
offices. Upon the Company’s request, the Executive shall provide reasonably 
satisfactory evidence of ownership of any or all such items to the Company.
 
For purposes of this Agreement,
 
“Base Salary” shall mean the Executive’s annual base salary as in effect on 
the Effective Date. Base Salary shall be deemed to accrue from day to day 
such that in the event of any termination of the Executive’s employment 
prior to the Employment End Date, payment shall be made to her pro rata on 
a time basis up to the date of such termination;
 
“Employee Benefits” shall mean the Company’s retirement, insurance and 
other fringe benefit programs in which the Executive may participate in 
from time to time, if any, in accordance with the terms and conditions of 
such benefit programs and subject to the eligibility requirements of the 
applicable plan.
 
“Incentives” shall mean the Company’s bonus and incentive plans in which 
the Executive may participate in from time to time, if any, in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of such benefit programs and subject to the 
eligibility requirements of the applicable plan.   
 
	3.	Executive’s Obligations. In consideration of the payments and benefits 
provided in Section 2 above, Executive will:
 
	(a)	fully cooperate and assist the Company with any litigation matters or 
regulatory or agency proceedings for which her testimony or cooperation is 
requested by Company following the Employment End Date, provided that she 
is reimbursed for any reasonable and necessary expenses incurred as a 
result of her cooperation and assistance, and further provided that the 
Company and Executive shall discuss in advance of Executive’s providing any 
such cooperation and assistance the anticipated time commitment that would 
likely be required of Executive with respect to any such matter and shall 
mutually determine whether Executive should be compensated for her time and 
the amount of any such compensation, it being understood and agreed that if 
the parties cannot reach agreement as to any such compensation, then the 
Company shall not request, and Executive shall not be required, to provide 
cooperation and assistance with respect to such litigation or proceeding;
 

 

 

 
	(b)	sign all necessary documents relating to her ceasing to serve on the 
boards of directors and/or as an officer, employee or trustee of the 
Company, (which includes its subsidiaries and affiliates), but in any event 
Executive shall be deemed to have been terminated from any such executive 
officer, director and trustee positions as of the Employment End Date;
 
	(c)	through the Employment End Date, continue to comply with the Company’s 
Insider Trading Policy, Code of Ethics and all other Company policies and 
procedures applicable to employees of the Company including, without 
limitation, no destruction of any documents belonging to or relating to the 
Company or Executive’s employment with the Company, whether in paper, 
electronic, digital or any other format, unless such destruction is 
approved in advance and observed by an officer of the Company specifically 
designated and authorized by Escalade’s Board of Directors;
 
(d)	comply with all laws relating to the Company’s business and operations 
as applicable to Executive and the Company; and
 
	(e)	comply with all covenants contained in this Agreement, including 
without limitation Sections 4, 5 and 6 hereof.
 
	4.	Mutual Nondisparagement.
 
	(a)	Executive’s Covenant. Beginning on the Effective Date, Executive shall 
not make, participate in the making of, publish by any means including by 
posting on social media, or encourage any other person to make, any 
statements, written or oral, which criticize, disparage, or defame the 
reputation of, or which embarrass the Company or any of their respective 
present, former or future directors, officers, executives, employees and/or 
shareholders.
 
	(b)	Company’s Covenant. Beginning on the Effective Date, the Company shall 
not, and shall instruct the members of Escalade’s Board of Directors and 
executive officers not to, make, participate in the making of, publish by 
any means including by posting on social media, or encourage any employees 
or any other person to make, any statements, written or oral, which 
criticize, disparage, or defame the reputation of, or which are intended to 
embarrass, the Executive.
 
	5.	Confidentiality. Executive understands and agrees that:
 
(a)	 Escalade is required to describe the material terms of this Agreement 
in a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission no later than four (4) business days after this 
Agreement is signed by the Executive and Escalade, and that the Company 
will attach this Agreement in its entirety as an Exhibit to such public 
filing;
 
(b)	Executive has been, and will through the Employment End Date, in the 
course of employment with the Company entrusted with or obtained access to 
information proprietary to the Company with respect to the following (all 
of which information is referred to hereinafter collectively as the "
Information"): the organization and management of the Company; the names, 
addresses, buying habits, and other special information regarding past, 
present and potential customers, employees and suppliers of the Company; 
customer and supplier contracts and transactions or price lists of the 
Company and their suppliers; products, services, programs and processes 
sold, licensed or developed by the Company; technical data, plans and 
specifications, present and/or future development projects of the Company; 
financial and/or marketing data respecting the conduct of the present or 
future phases of business of the Company; computer programs, systems and/or 
software; ideas, inventions, trademarks, trade secrets, business 
information, know-how, processes, improvements, designs, redesigns, 
discoveries and developments of the Company; and other information 
considered confidential by any of the Company or its customers or 
suppliers. At all times through the Employment End Date and thereafter, 
Executive agrees to retain the Information in absolute confidence and not 
to disclose the Information to any person or organization except as 
required in the performance of Executive's duties for the Company as 
provided in this Agreement, without the express written consent of the 
Company; provided that Executive’s obligation of confidentiality shall not 
extend to any Information which becomes generally available to the public 
other than as a result of disclosure by Executive; and
 

 

 

 
(c)	Executive and the Company agree that, unless otherwise determined by 
the Company’s Board of Directors and the Executive is advised in writing, 
effective no later than the filing of the Company’s Form 10-K for its 
fiscal year ending as of the Employment End Date, Executive will no longer 
be privy to material, non-public information regarding the Company. 
Accordingly, the Company agrees that Executive shall not be subject to the 
Company’s Insider Trading Policy thereafter, provided, however, that if and 
to the extent that Executive may from time to time acquire knowledge of 
material, non-public information regarding the Company, Executive 
acknowledges and agrees that she may not trade based upon such information 
and must comply with all applicable laws prohibiting insider trading. The 
Company further agrees that it will not intentionally provide material, 
non-public information to Executive following the Employment End Date 
except in connection with such events, actions or circumstances that would 
require stockholder approval and the Company has made a good faith 
determination that it is necessary and appropriate to disclose such 
information to Executive given her then current ownership of Escalade 
common stock, and that the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to 
prevent any inadvertent disclosures of material, non-public information to 
Executive.
 
6.	Covenant Not to Compete, No Interference; No Solicitation. At all times 
through the twelfth month following the Employment End Date (or if this 
period is unenforceable by law, then for such shorter period as shall be 
enforceable):
 
(a)	Executive will not engage in any business offering products or services 
related to the current business of the Company (which for purposes of this 
Agreement is deemed to include the recently divested information security 
and print finishing business), whether as a principal, partner, joint 
venture, agent, employee, salesman, consultant, director or officer, where 
such business or business activity is in competition with the Company in 
any geographic market where the Company does business; provided, however, 
that Executive shall not be prohibited from performing services for a 
subsidiary or division of a competitive business, as long as such 
subsidiary or division is not in competition with the Company and the 
Executive abides by all other provisions of this Agreement including 
without limitation Sections 4, 5, 6(b) and 6(c);
 

 

 

 
	(b)	Executive will not interfere with or adversely affect, either directly 
or indirectly, the Company’s relationships with any person, firm, 
association, corporation or other entity which is known by Executive to be, 
or is included on any listing to which Executive had access during the 
course of her employment as a customer, client, supplier, consultant or 
employee of the Company, and Executive will not divert or change, or 
attempt to divert or change, any such relationship to the detriment of the 
Company or to the benefit of any other person, firm, association, 
corporation or other entity; and 	
 
	(c)	Executive will not induce, seek to induce or participate directly or 
indirectly with any third party in seeking to induce, any other employee of 
the Company to terminate his or her employment relationship with the 
Company, provided, however, that this restriction shall not prohibit 
Executive from hiring any employee who seeks employment from Executive or 
any third party with whom Executive may be employed or affiliated with in 
the future on an unsolicited basis as long as such employment is not in 
competition with any business or operations of the Company.
 
Executive acknowledges and agrees that the covenants, restrictions, 
agreements, and obligations set forth herein are founded upon valuable 
consideration, and, with respect to the covenants, restrictions, 
agreements, and obligations set forth in this Section 6 are reasonable in 
duration and geographic scope. The time period and geographical area set 
forth in this Section 6 are each divisible and separable, and, in the event 
that the covenants not to compete and/or not to divert business or 
employees contained therein are judicially held invalid or unenforceable as 
to such time period and/or geographical area, they will be valid and 
enforceable in such geographical area(s) and for such time period(s) which 
the court determines to be reasonable and enforceable. Executive agrees 
that in the event that any court of competent jurisdiction determines that 
the above covenants are invalid or unenforceable to join with the Company 
in requesting such court to construe the applicable provision by limiting 
or reducing it so as to be enforceable to the extent compatible with the 
then applicable law. Furthermore, it is agreed that any period of 
restriction or covenant hereinabove stated shall not include any period of 
violation or period of time required for litigation or arbitration to 
enforce such restrictions or covenants.
 
	7.	Tax Liability; Tax Withholding. Executive acknowledges and agrees that 
she is responsible for the payment of all taxes relating to the 
consideration to be provided to her as contemplated by this Agreement, 
including the payment of any taxes relating to her exercise of stock 
options and her receipt of any stock, cash or other consideration relating 
to any other equity incentive awards she may have received from the 
Company. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company 
will withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement, or any other 
benefits received pursuant hereto, such federal, state and/or local taxes 
as shall be required to be withheld under any applicable law or regulation.
 
	8.	No Mitigation; No Offset. In no event shall Executive be obligated to 
seek other employment or to take any other action that would mitigate the 
amounts payable to Executive under this Agreement. In the event that 
Executive would obtain subsequent employment, the Company may not offset 
any compensation or other amounts earned by Executive from such subsequent 
employment or engagement of her services against the Executive’s 
entitlements under this Agreement. Moreover, subject to Executive’s 
compliance with the covenants set forth in Sections 4, 5 and 6 of this 
Agreement, Executive shall be free to pursue any unsolicited, 
non-competitive opportunities for employment or services as may arise from 
the Company’s customers, vendors, employees and affiliates.
 

 

 

 
	9.	Section 16 Reports. Executive and the Company agree that 
notwithstanding Executive’s termination as an executive officer and a 
director of Escalade as of the Employment End Date, Executive may continue 
to be subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder 
for up to six months following the Employment End Date. Accordingly, 
Executive agrees to provide timely notice to Escalade’s chief executive 
officer of all transactions undertaken by Executive in Escalade common 
stock, including the purchase or sale of any shares of Escalade common 
stock and the exercise of any stock options, during the six month period 
following the Employment End Date, and the Company shall prepare and file 
the appropriate Section 16 reports with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on behalf of Executive.
 
	10.	Remedies.
 
	(a)	Arbitration; Submission to Jurisdiction. Any dispute that may arise 
between the Company and Executive relating to this Agreement and the 
subject matter hereof shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance 
with this Section 10(a). Except as otherwise provided herein, in the event 
of any controversy, dispute or claim arising out of, or relating to this 
Agreement, or the breach thereof, or arising out of any other matter 
relating to the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company, the 
parties may seek recourse only for temporary or preliminary injunctive 
relief to the courts having jurisdiction thereof and if any relief other 
than injunctive relief is sought, the Company and the Executive agree that 
such underlying controversy, dispute or claim shall be settled by 
arbitration conducted in Evansville, Indiana in accordance with this 
Section 9 and the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration 
Association (“AAA”). The matter shall be heard and decided, and awards 
rendered by a single arbitrator mutually acceptable to the Company and the 
Executive, provided, that if the cannot agree on an arbitrator, the AAA 
shall select the arbitrator. The award rendered by the arbitrator shall be 
final and binding as between the parties hereto and their heirs, executors, 
administrators, successors and assigns, and judgment on the award may be 
entered by any court having jurisdiction thereof. The Company and the 
Executive will each bear their own costs for legal representation in any 
arbitration, except that the arbitrator will have the authority to award 
all remedies provided by applicable law, including recovery of attorney 
fees when so provided by applicable law. The Company will pay all 
arbitrators’ fees and other administrative fees in connection with any 
arbitration hereunder; provided, however, that the arbitrator may require 
all or a portion of such fees and expenses to be paid by the Executive in 
the event the arbitrator determines that the Executive’s position in the 
arbitration proceeding was without merit (which for purposes of this 
Agreement shall mean a position that is made for an improper purpose or 
that contains frivolous arguments or arguments that have no evidentiary 
support).
 
	(b)	Injunctive Relief. Executive agrees that in the event of any actual or 
threatened breach by her of any of the provisions contained in this 
Agreement, including those covenants specifically set forth in Sections 3, 
4, 5 and 6 hereof, the Company shall be entitled to seek immediate 
temporary injunctive and other equitable relief, without the necessity of 
showing actual monetary damages, subject to hearing as soon thereafter as 
possible. In the event of such injunctive relief, the periods of time 
referred to in Sections 5 and 6 shall be deemed extended for a period equal 
to the respective period during which Employee is in breach thereof, in 
order to provide for injunctive relief and specific performance for a 
period equal to the full term thereof and the Company shall be entitled to 
cease its obligations to Executive pursuant to Section 2. In the event that 
the Company breaches its obligations to make payments and to provide the 
benefits specified in Section 2 hereof, Executive may seek specific 
performance in addition to monetary damages and Executive will not be 
subject to the provisions of Section 4, 5 or 6 hereof. Nothing contained 
herein shall be construed as prohibiting Executive or the Company from 
pursuing any other remedies available to it for such breach or threatened 
breach, including the recovery of any damages which it is able to prove, in 
the court having jurisdiction of the injunctive proceeding.
 

 

 

 
	11.	Mutual Release. In consideration of the payments and benefits set 
forth in this Agreement, such payments and benefits being good and valuable 
consideration:
 
(a)	Release by Executive. Subject to Section 10(b), Executive, on her own 
behalf and on behalf of her heirs, administrators, executors, successors, 
assigns and personal representatives, covenants not to sue and hereby fully 
and forever releases, acquits and discharges the Company, its shareholders, 
directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, insurance 
carriers, and their successors and assigns (collectively the “Releasees”), 
from any and all claims, demands, actions and causes of action of every 
kind, nature or description (collectively “claims”) that Executive may have 
had, may now have, or may hereafter have against Releasees, including 
without limitation any and all claims in any way related to or based upon 
Executive’s employment with the Company after the Effective Date through 
the Employment End Date and/or the cessation of Executive’s service as an 
employee, executive officer and director of the Company (the “Continuing 
Employment Period”), including without limitation any claims for breach of 
contract, implied contract, promissory estoppel, tortious conduct, vacation 
pay (other than any accrued but unpaid vacation pay as of the Employment 
End Date), any paid time off, or claims arising under any federal or state 
statute or law or local ordinance, including but not limited to: the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act as amended (“ADEA”); Older Workers’ 
Benefit Protection Act (“OWBPA”); Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”) 
as amended; the Family and Medical Leave Act (“FMLA”); Title VII of the 
Civil Rights Act of 1964; the Civil Rights Acts of 1991; the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act (“ERISA”); 42 U.S.C. § 1981; 29 U.S.C. § 
206(d)(1); Section 503 and 504 of the Rehabilitation Disabilities Act; the 
WARN Act; Indiana’s fair employment practices statutes; any other federal, 
state or local law dealing with employment discrimination; and any federal 
or state “Whistleblower” law, existing as of the date of this Agreement. 
Provided, however, that if the Company were to breach this Agreement, this 
release would not bar an action by Executive against the Company to enforce 
its term(s) or any applicable law. In addition, this Section 11(a) shall 
not affect adversely any benefits to which Executive may be entitled 
arising out of any social security, workers' compensation or unemployment 
laws, or under the terms of any employee pension or welfare or benefit 
plans or programs of the Company, which may be payable now or in the future 
to Executive.
 
	(b)	Acknowledgements by Executive. Executive specifically acknowledges and 
agrees that: (i) Executive is waiving claims under the foregoing laws, 
including specifically the ADEA and the OWBPA; (ii) this waiver of any 
rights or claims is knowing and voluntary; (iii) this Agreement is written 
in a manner that Executive understands; (iv) the Company has hereby advised 
Executive to consult with an attorney before executing this Agreement and 
that Executive has so consulted; (v) the waiver of rights under Section 
11(a) does not waive rights or claims arising after the date of this 
Agreement; (vi) Executive has been given a period of 21 days within which 
to consider this Agreement; (vii) for a period of seven days following 
Executive’s execution of this Agreement, Executive may revoke this 
Agreement and this Agreement will not become enforceable or effective until 
the revocation period expires; and (viii) the waiver of rights in Section 
11(a) is in exchange for consideration in addition to anything of value to 
which Executive was already entitled to receive.
 

 

 

 
(c)	Release by the Company. Subject to Section 10(b), the Company, on 
behalf of itself and its successors and assigns, covenants not to sue and 
hereby fully and forever releases, acquits and discharges Executive and her 
successors and assigns, from any and all claims, demands, actions and 
causes of action of every kind, nature or description (collectively 
“claims”) that the Company may have had, may now have, or may hereafter 
have against Executive, including without limitation any and all claims in 
any way related to or based upon Executive’s employment with the Company, 
its subsidiaries and affiliates through the Employment End Date and/or the 
cessation of Executive’s service as an executive officer or director of the 
Company, including without limitation any claims for breach of contract, 
implied contract, promissory estoppel, tortious conduct or claims arising 
under any federal or state statute or law or local ordinance, existing as 
of the date of this Agreement. Provided, however, that if Executive were to 
breach this Agreement, this release would not bar an action by the Company 
against Executive to enforce its term(s) or any applicable laws.
 
	(d)	Unknown Claims. This Agreement covers both claims that Executive 
and/or the Company know about and those that Executive and/or the Company 
may not know about. The parties hereto expressly waive all rights afforded 
by any statute that limits the effect of a release with respect to unknown 
claims. Each of Executive and the Company understand the significance of 
its respective release of unknown claims and the waiver of statutory 
protection against a release of unknown claims. However, this release shall 
not apply to any claim based on the fraud or intentional misconduct of the 
other party or to any act that is determined to be a criminal act under any 
federal, state or local law committed or perpetrated by Executive or the 
Company at any time prior to and through the Employment End Date. Neither 
Executive nor the Company, based on the knowledge of Escalade’s Board of 
Directors and of the Company’s executive officers other than Executive, is 
currently aware of any fraud or intentional misconduct or criminal act of 
the other party to this Agreement.
 
	(e)	Future Claims Related to Employee and/or Shareholder Status. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 11 that may be construed to 
the contrary, Executive and the Company agree that neither Executive nor 
the Company waive or release the other party hereto from any claim that may 
arise based on events occurring after the Employment End Date. Executive 
and the Company further agree that Executive may not, based upon 
Executive’s status as a shareholder of the Company, assert any claim 
subsequent to the Employment End Date against the Company or any Releasees 
relating to any potential claim or matter that is the subject of or is 
otherwise covered by the release granted by Executive in this Agreement or 
is in any way related to the event of Executive’s cessation of employment 
with the Company.
 
(f)	Additional Release. Provided that Executive has signed and delivered on 
or promptly after the Employment End Date to the Company a general release 
identical in form and substance to the release contained herein relating to 
claims arising or that may arise from events through the later of the 
Continuing Employment Period or the Employment End Date (the “Additional 
Release”), which Additional Release by its terms has become effective and 
is in compliance with the material terms of this Agreement, the Company 
further releases Executive, his successors and assigns from any and all 
claims, demands, actions and causes of action of every kind, nature or 
description (collectively “claims”) that the Company may have had, may now 
have, or may hereafter have against Executive, including without limitation 
any and all claims in any way related to or based upon Executive’s 
employment with the Company during the Continuing Employment Period and/or 
the cessation of Executive’s service as an employee of the Company, 
including without limitation any claims for breach of contract, implied 
contract, promissory estoppel, tortious conduct or claims arising under any 
federal or state statute or law or local ordinance, existing as of the date 
of this Agreement and the Company shall sign and deliver at such time a 
general release to such effect identical in form and substance to the 
release contained herein. Provided, however, that if either party were to 
breach this Agreement, such further release would not bar an action by the 
non-breaching party against the breaching party to enforce its term(s) or 
any applicable laws nor would such release cover any action based on a 
claim excluded from the release by Section 11(d).
 

 

 

 
	12.	Future Service as Employee, Executive Officer or Director. Executive 
agrees that her termination as an employee, executive officer and director 
of the Company is irrevocable, and that the Company shall have no 
obligation whatsoever to rehire, reappoint or elect Executive to any such 
officer, director or other position with the Company. Executive further 
agrees that if she would seek any such position and is not so hired, 
nominated, appointed or elected, Executive will not bring a claim against 
the Company and/or any Releasee for refusal to so hire, nominate, appoint 
or elect.
 
	13.	Binding Effect; Authority. This Agreement shall bind the Executive’s 
heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, spouse, 
dependents, successors and assigns. Escalade represents and warrants to 
Executive that the individual signing this Agreement on behalf of the 
Company is duly authorized to enter into this Agreement and to bind the 
Company hereunder.
 
	14.	Non-Admission. This Agreement shall not be construed as an admission 
by either party of any wrongdoing or any violation of any federal, state or 
local law, regulation or ordinance, and the parties specifically disclaim 
any wrongdoing or violation.
 
	15.	Assignability. Neither this Agreement, nor any right or interest 
hereunder, shall be assignable by Executive, her beneficiaries or legal 
representatives, without the prior written consent of an executive officer 
of Escalade.
 
	16.	Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement 
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
supersedes any other written or oral promises concerning the subject matter 
of this Agreement except as expressly stated otherwise herein or except as 
expressly stated otherwise in the Executive Agreement. The terms of this 
Agreement may not be modified other than in a writing signed by the 
parties.
 

 

 

 
	17.	Governing Law. This Agreement shall in all respects be interpreted, 
enforced and governed by the laws of the State of Indiana without giving 
effect to provisions thereof regarding conflict of laws.
 
In Witness Whereof, the parties have entered into this Agreement as of this 
11th day of November, 2014.
 
 
                                /s/ Deborah Meinert
                                Deborah J. Meinert
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                ESCALADE, INCORPORATED
                                 
                                 
                                By: _/s/ Robert J. Keller
                                Name: Robert J. Keller_
                                Title: _Chief Executive Officer
                                 

 