 EX-10.1 2 separationagreement_randyw.htm SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE, 
DATED AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2014





SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND RELEASE



This Agreement is between Castlight Health, Inc. ("Castlight") and Randall 
Womack (“Womack”).

RECITALS


Womack is currently employed by Castlight but Womack and Castlight agree 
that Womack will cease employment with Castlight on September 30, 2014.


Womack and Castlight desire to provide for an orderly mechanism for 
effecting a separation in order to assure that such separation will occur 
amicably and efficiently.


AGREEMENT AND RELEASE


ACCORDINGLY, the parties agree as follows:


      1.Effective Date; Settlement Terms; and Sum.
(a)This Agreement will be effective and Castlight shall pay Womack the sum 
of $129,000 (“Settlement Sum”), on September 30, 2014 provided that he has 
signed this Agreement on September 30, 2014 (“Effective Date”). Womack 
agrees to be solely responsible for any taxes relating to the Settlement 
Sum and to defend, indemnify and hold Castlight harmless from and against 
any claims, liabilities or penalties related to any taxes on the Settlement 
Sum.

(b)Womack and Castlight agree that Womack’s last day of employment shall be 
September 30, 2014.

(c)If Womack elects under COBRA to continue Womack’s health insurance 
benefits, Castlight shall pay the amount owed by the Employee under COBRA 
for health insurance for the 6-month period following his last day of 
employment on September 30, 2014.

(d)On September 30, 2014, Castlight shall pay Womack his full 2014 target 
bonus in the amount of $154,000 and 25% of his projected full 2015 target 
bonus in the amount of $38,700, for a total of $192,700, less applicable 
deductions as required by law.

(e)Castlight has granted Womack certain options to purchase shares of 
Castlight’s Class A common stock pursuant to Castlight’s 2008 Stock 
Incentive Plan (the “2008 Plan”) and Class B common stock pursuant to 
Castlight’s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2014 Plan”). Provided that 
Womack has signed this Agreement on September 30, 2014, then on the 
effective date of this Agreement, all options granted to Womack will 
accelerate in vesting, such that the total number of shares vested under 
each option granted to Womack will be equal to the number of shares that 
would have vested had Womack remained employed through March 31, 2015. For 
clarity, it is acknowledged and agreed that as a result of the preceding 
sentence, the number of shares vested under each option granted to Womack 
will be as follows:
      (i)the option to purchase 79,054 shares of Class A common stock
      granted pursuant to the 2008 Plan on November 9, 2010 will be vested
      as to all 79,054 shares;



------------------------------------------------------------------------


(ii)the option to purchase 79,054 shares of Class A common stock granted 
pursuant to the 2008 Plan on November 9, 2010 will be vested as to all 
79,054 shares;

(iii) the option to purchase 758,536 shares of Class A common stock granted 
pursuant to the 2008 Plan on November 9, 2010 will be vested as to all 
758,536 shares;

(iv) the option to purchase 506,328 shares of Class A common stock granted 
pursuant to the 2008 Plan on November 9, 2010 will be vested as to all 
506,328 shares;

(v)the option to purchase 188,154 shares of Class A common stock granted 
pursuant to the 2008 Plan on February 12, 2013 will be vested as to zero 
shares;

(vi)the option to purchase 41,846 shares of Class A common stock granted 
pursuant to the 2008 Plan on February 12, 2013 will be vested as to 19,166 
shares;

(vii)the Option to purchase 11,829 shares of Class B common stock granted 
pursuant to the 2014 Plan on March 13, 2014 will be vested as to zero 
shares;

(viii)the option to purchase 108,171 shares of Class B common stock granted 
pursuant to the 2014 Plan on March 13, 2014 will be vested as to 30,000 
shares;

                (f) Provided that Womack has signed this Agreement on 
September 30, 2014, then Womack will also have the right to exercise the 
options set forth above (hereafter collectively referred to as the “Womack 
Options”) to the extent vested as of his termination of employment and as a 
result of the vesting acceleration provided for in paragraph 1(e) above, 
until May 3, 2015; provided, however, that the Womack Options will expire 
immediately upon the closing of a Corporate Transaction (as defined in the 
2014 Plan). Any such exercise shall otherwise be in accordance with the 
terms of the 2008 Plan or 2014 Plan, as applicable, and the stock option 
agreements evidencing the Womack Options (hereafter collectively referred 
to as the “Stock Option Agreements”). Womack acknowledges and agrees that 
the foregoing extension to the exercise period will cause each Womack 
Option that is an incentive stock option to be reclassified as a 
non-qualified stock option upon effectiveness of this Agreement and, 
accordingly, at the time of exercise Womack will be required to satisfy all 
applicable tax withholding requirements that become due upon exercise of 
the Womack Options.

If Womack does not sign this Agreement, Castlight will provide Womack with 
a termination report with the vesting of the Womack Options as of Womack’s 
termination date and, per the Stock Option Agreements, Womack will have 
three (3) months following the termination date to exercise any vested 
shares and, after such date, Womack will no longer have a right to exercise 
the Womack Options as to any shares. Regardless of whether Womack signs 
this Agreement, Womack’s rights concerning the Womack Options above will 
continue to be governed by the Stock Option Agreements, as amended by this 
Agreement, if applicable and provided this Agreement becomes effective. 
Womack acknowledges and agrees that Womack has no rights in or to 
Castlight’s capital stock except as set forth herein.


      2.Womack acknowledges and agrees that as an executive officer of
      Castlight, he may have come into possession of material nonpublic
      information regarding Castlight, and that in accordance with
      Castlight’s Insider Trading Policy and applicable law, he will not
      trade in Castlight securities until the first open trading window
      following his cessation of employment, and


------------------------------------------------------------------------


      will not trade in Castlight securities while otherwise in possession
      of material nonpublic information.

3.General Release and Specific ADEA Release.
(a) Womack and his representatives, heirs, successors, and assigns do 
hereby completely release and forever discharge Castlight, any Affiliate, 
and its and their present and former shareholders, officers, directors, 
agents, employees, attorneys, successors, and assigns (collectively, 
“Released Parties”) from all claims, rights, demands, actions, obligations, 
liabilities, and causes of action of every kind and character, known or 
unknown, mature or unmatured, which Womack may have now or in the future 
arising from any act or omission or condition occurring on or prior to the 
effective date of this Agreement (including, without limitation, the future 
effects of such acts, omissions, or conditions), arising from or in any way 
related to his employment by Castlight, whether based on tort, contract 
(express or implied), or any federal, state, or local law, statute, or 
regulation, including, but not limited to, the matters that were raised or 
could have been raised in the claim referenced above in the RECITALS 
(collectively, the “Released Claims”). By way of example and not in 
limitation of the foregoing, Released Claims shall include any claims 
arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with 
Disabilities Act, and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, as 
well as any claims asserting wrongful termination, breach of contract, 
breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, negligent or 
intentional infliction of emotional distress, negligent or intentional 
misrepresentation, negligent or intentional interference with contract or 
prospective economic advantage, defamation, invasion of privacy, 
retaliation and claims related to disability. Released Claims shall also 
include, but not be limited to, claims for severance pay, bonuses, sick 
leave, vacation pay, life or health insurance, or any other fringe benefit. 
Womack likewise releases the Released Parties from any and all obligations 
for attorneys’ fees incurred in regard to the above claims, or otherwise. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Released Claims shall not include any claims 
based on obligations created by or reaffirmed in this Agreement or that as 
a matter of law cannot be released.


(b) In further consideration of the payments and benefits provided to 
Womack and his representatives, heirs, successors, and assigns in this 
Agreement, Womack hereby irrevocably and unconditionally fully and forever 
waives, releases and discharges the Released Parties from any and all 
Claims, whether known or unknown, from the beginning of time to the date of 
the Womack's execution of this Agreement arising under the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA), as amended, and its implementing 
regulations. By signing this Agreement, Womack hereby acknowledges and 
confirms that: (i) he has read this Agreement in its entirety and 
understands all of its terms; (ii) he has been advised of and has availed 
himself of his right to consult with his attorney prior to executing this 
Agreement; (iii) he knowingly, freely and voluntarily assents to all of the 
terms and conditions set out in this Agreement including, without 
limitation, the waiver, release and covenants contained herein; (iv) he is 
executing this Agreement, including the waiver and release, in exchange for 
good and valuable consideration in addition to anything of value to which 
he is otherwise entitled; (v) he was given at least twenty-one (21) days to 
consider the terms of this Agreement and consult with an attorney of his 
choice, although he may sign it sooner if desired; (vi) he understands that 
he has seven (7) days from the date he signs this Agreement to revoke only 
the release of ADEA claims in this paragraph by delivering notice of 
revocation to Shannon Espinola, Sr. Director, People Strategy at Castlight, 
121 Spear Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105 by overnight delivery 
before the end of such seven-day period, but that his release of any and 
all other claims under this Agreement shall be immediately effective and 
irrevocable upon his signing of this Agreement; and (vii) he understands 
that the release contained in this paragraph does not apply to rights and 
claims that may arise after the date on which he signs this Agreement.




------------------------------------------------------------------------


      4.Section 1542 Waiver. The parties understand and agree that the
      Released Claims include not only claims presently known to Womack,
      but also include all unknown or unanticipated claims, rights,
      demands, actions, obligations, liabilities, and causes of action of
      every kind and character that would otherwise come within the scope
      of the Released Claims as described in Section 2. Womack understands
      that he may hereafter discover facts different from what he now
      believes to be true, which if known, could have materially affected
      this Agreement, but he nevertheless waives any claims or rights based
      on different or additional facts. Womack knowingly and voluntarily
      waives any and all rights or benefits that he may now have, or in the
      future may have, under the terms of Section 1542 of the California
      Civil Code, which provides as follows:

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT 
KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, 
WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIS MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE 
DEBTOR.

      5.Covenant Not to Sue.  The parties intend for this release to be
      enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. Womack waives his
      right to file any charge or complaint arising out of his employment
      with or separation from the Company before any federal, state, or
      local court or any state or local administrative agency, except where
      such waivers are prohibited by law, provided, however, that he hereby
      waives any right to receive any monetary award resulting from such a
      charge or investigation.

6.Confidential Information, Return of Company Property, Nondisparagement 
and Non-Solicitation.
(a)Castlight has developed, compiled and owns certain proprietary 
techniques and confidential information that have great value in its 
business. This information includes but is not limited to any and all 
information (in any medium, including but not limited to, written documents 
and electronic files) concerning unpublished personnel, legal matters, 
financial data, marketing and sales data, product and product development 
information, customer lists, employee lists, contracts, licensing 
agreements, processes, formulas, trade secrets, inventions, discoveries, 
improvements, data, know‑how, formats, marketing plans, business plans, 
strategies, forecasts, and supplier and vendor identities, characteristics 
and agreements (“Confidential Information”). Womack has had access to 
confidential information of other employees and vendors of Castlight. 
Confidential Information includes not only information disclosed by 
Castlight or its Clients to Womack in the course of Womack’s employment 
with Castlight, but also information developed or learned by Womack during 
the course of Womack’s employment with Castlight. Confidential Information 
is to be broadly defined.

(b)Womack acknowledges that during his employment with Castlight he has had 
access to such Confidential Information. Womack agrees that at all times 
after Womack’s employment with Castlight is terminated, Womack will (i) 
hold in trust, keep confidential, and not disclose to any third party or 
make any use of the Confidential Information of Castlight or its other 
employees; (ii) not cause the transmission, removal or transport of 
Confidential Information of Castlight or its other employees; (iii) not 
publish, disclose, or otherwise disseminate Confidential Information of 
Castlight or its other employees.

(c)Womack agrees to promptly inform Castlight of all documents and data 
pertaining to his employment and the Confidential Information of Castlight 
and its other employees, whether prepared by Womack or otherwise coming 
into his possession or control. Womack agrees to promptly deliver to


------------------------------------------------------------------------


Castlight all such written, electronic or other tangible material 
containing any information concerning or disclosing the Confidential 
Information of Castlight or its other employees or vendors. Womack agrees 
that he is not entitled to any of the benefits of this Agreement until he 
is in compliance with this Section 6. (c).
(d)Womack agrees to promptly deliver to Castlight all company property 
including any keys, books, records, credit cards, company-purchased cell 
phones and any other tangible property which has come into his possession 
or control during the term of his employment, save and except for Womack’s 
records of his payroll and employment-related tax documents; provided, 
however, that Castlight agrees Womack may retain, and is hereby transferred 
ownership of, the Castlight-issued computer equipment, consisting of two 
laptop computers and an ipad, used during his employment (subject to a 
security sweep to remove Castlight information and software, which the 
parties acknowledge has been completed), and Womack agrees that Castlight 
may retain, and is hereby transferred ownership of, the furnishings 
purchased by Womack that is located in the Castlight corporate apartment. 
Womack agrees that he is not entitled to any of the benefits of this 
Agreement until he is in compliance with this Section 6. (d).

(e)Womack acknowledges and agrees that the covenants contained in this 
Section 6 are material to this Agreement and that a violation of this 
Section shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement. Castlight 
shall be entitled to receive injunctive relief to enforce these covenants, 
and may seek any other remedy available to it by law.

(f) Womack agrees that he shall not disparage the Released Parties to 
anyone, including but not limited to, employees and former employees, media 
or other third parties, or otherwise make statements or take actions which 
would place the Released Parties, or any of them, in a negative light.  
Similarly, Womack will not disparage any Castlight product or service to 
anyone, including but not limited to, employees and former employees, media 
or other third parties, or otherwise make statements or take actions which 
would place such service in a negative light.  Additionally, Castlight 
agrees that it’s current Officers and Directors as defined in Section 16 of 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 shall not disparage Womack to anyone, 
including but not limited to, Castlight employees, and former employees, 
media or other third parties, or otherwise make statements or take actions 
which would place Womack in a negative light.

(g)Womack acknowledges that, because of his responsibilities at Castlight, 
he has been exposed to Castlight’s business strategies, information on 
customers and clients, and other valuable Proprietary Information and trade 
secrets, and that use or disclosure of such Proprietary Information and 
trade secrets in breach of this Agreement would be extremely difficult to 
detect or prove. He also acknowledges that Castlight’s relationships with 
its employees, customers, clients, vendors, and other persons are valuable 
business assets. Therefore, Womack agrees as follows:
            (i) Womack shall not, for a period of one year following
            termination of his employment with Castlight, directly or
            indirectly solicit, induce, recruit, or encourage any officer,
            director, or employee of Castlight to leave Castlight or
            terminate his or her employment with Castlight.


            (ii) Womack shall not, for a period of one year following the
            termination of his employment with Castlight for any reason:
            (i) use Castlight’s Proprietary Information or trade secrets to
            interfere with any business relationship or contract between
            Castlight and any of its customers, clients, vendors, business
            partners, or suppliers; or (ii) for the purpose of selling
            products or services competitive with Castlight’s, solicit any
            person, firm, corporation or entity that was a customer or
            client or prospective client of Castlight at any time during
            the one-year period preceding the termination date of my
            employment by using




------------------------------------------------------------------------


            Castlight’s Proprietary Information or trade secrets, or
            otherwise soliciting such customers by using means that amount
            to unfair competition.


      7.Confidentiality. Womack understands and agrees that this Agreement
      and each of its terms, and the negotiations surrounding it, are
      confidential and shall not be disclosed by Womack to any entity or
      person, except Womack’s wife and tax attorney, accountant or other
      attorney, for any reason, at any time, without the prior written
      consent of Castlight, unless required by law.

8.Nonadmission. The parties understand and agree that this is a compromise 
settlement of disputed claims and that the furnishing of the consideration 
for this Agreement shall not be deemed or construed at any time or for any 
purpose as an admission of liability by Castlight. The liability for any 
and all claims is expressly denied by Castlight.

9.Integration. The parties understand and agree that the preceding Sections 
recite the sole consideration for this Agreement; that no representation or 
promise has been made by Castlight, or any other Released Party on any 
subject whatsoever, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement; and 
that all agreements and understandings between the parties on any subject 
whatsoever are embodied and expressed in this Agreement. This Agreement 
shall supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements and understandings 
among Womack, Castlight, and any other Released Party, whether written or 
oral, express or implied, with respect to any subject whatsoever, including 
without limitation, any employment-related agreement or benefit plan, 
except to the extent that the provisions of any such agreement or plan have 
been expressly referred to in this Agreement as having continued effect.

10.Amendments; Waivers. This Agreement may not be amended except by an 
instrument in writing, signed by each of the parties. No failure to 
exercise and no delay in exercising any right, remedy, or power under this 
Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any right, remedy, or power under this Agreement 
preclude any other or further exercise thereof, or the exercise of any 
other right, remedy, or power provided herein or by law or in equity.

11.Assignment; Successors and Assigns. Womack agrees that he will not 
assign, sell, transfer, delegate, or otherwise dispose of, whether 
voluntarily or involuntarily, or by operation of law, any rights or 
obligations under this Agreement. Any such purported assignment, transfer, 
or delegation shall be null and void. Womack represents that he has not 
previously assigned or transferred any claims or rights released by his 
pursuant to this Agreement. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall 
be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their 
respective heirs, successors, attorneys, and permitted assigns. This 
Agreement shall also inure to the benefit of any Released Party. This 
Agreement shall not benefit any other person or entity except as 
specifically enumerated in this Agreement.

12.Severability. If any provision of this Agreement, or its application to 
any person, place, or circumstance, is held by an arbitrator or a court of 
competent jurisdiction to be invalid, unenforceable, or void, such 
provision shall be enforced to the greatest extent permitted by law, and 
the remainder of this Agreement and such provision as applied to other 
persons, places, and circumstances shall remain in full force and effect.

13.Attorneys’ Fees. In any legal action, arbitration, or other proceeding 
brought to enforce or interpret the terms of this Agreement, the prevailing 
party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


14.Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the law of the State of California.

15.Interpretation. This Agreement shall be construed as a whole, according 
to its fair meaning, and not in favor of or against any party. By way of 
example and not in limitation, this Agreement shall not be construed in 
favor of the party receiving a benefit or against the party responsible for 
any particular language in this Agreement. Captions are used for reference 
purposes only and should be ignored in the interpretation of the Agreement.

16.Representation by Counsel. The parties acknowledge that (i) they have 
had the opportunity to consult counsel in regard to this Agreement; (ii) 
they have read and understand the Agreement and they are fully aware of its 
legal effect; and (iii) they are entering into this Agreement freely and 
voluntarily, and based on each party’s own judgment and not on any 
representations or promises made by the other party, other than those 
contained in this Agreement.



Dated 9/30/2014
/s/Randall Womack
Dated 9/30/2014


CASTLIGHT HEALTH



By:/s/ John C. Doyle






