 EX-10.04 5 applied_10q-ex1004.htm TRANSLATION OF CHINESE FORM OF RMB 
WORKING CAPITAL LOAN AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.04
 
Contract No.: 1230 ·
  
between
 
GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY INC.
 
as Borrower
 
and
 
CHINA CONSTRUCTION BANK - NINGBO YINZHOU BRANCH
 
as Lender
 

 

 

 
This RMB Loan Agreement (the “Contract”) is entered into in order for the 
company’s daily operation expense [, including material purchase payment 
and employee’s salary], by and between:
 
GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY INC., located at NO. 88, QIUSHI RD, WANGCHUN INDUSTRIAL 
PART, NINGBO, CHINA, P.C.315176 with CHIH-HSIANG LIN as its legal 
representative and its fax number 88133820 and its telephone number 
574-88133818 as borrower (“Party A”); and
 
CHINA CONSTRUCTION BANK - NINGBO YINZHOU BRANCH, located at TAIKANG ZHONG 
RD S. COMMERCIAL AREA 2ND FL, GUOHUA INT’L BLDG NO. 500, 315040 with · as 
its principal officer and its fax number being 87370029 and its telephone 
number being 87374267, as lender (“Party B”).
 

1

 

 
WHEREAS
 
    (1)                                 Party A wishes to apply to Party B
    for a loan, and Party B agrees to extend to Party A such loan.
     
    (2)                                 NOW THEREFORE upon consultation in
    accordance with applicable laws and regulations, both parties hereto 
    agree as follows:
     
  1.              LOAN AMOUNT
   
  The amount of the loan that Party B provides to Party A hereunder shall
  be RMB [see Schedule A] (the “Loan”).
   
  2.              PURPOSE OF THE LOAN AND SOURCES OF FUNDS FOR REPAYMENT
   
  Party A shall utilize the loan for the purpose of the routine production
  operation.
   
  The information relating to specific purposes of such loan under the
  Contract and sources of funds for repayment shall be determined in
  Schedule 1 “Loan Information”.
   
  3.              TERM OF THE LOAN
   
  The term of the Loan shall be 12 months, commencing from [see Schedule A]
  and expiring on [see Schedule A] (the “Term”).
   
  Where the above commencement date is inconsistent with the date set forth
  on the loan-to deposit certificate (the “LDC” or “Loan Receipt”, the date
  set forth on the LDC for the first advance of the Loan shall be the
  commencement date of the Term and the expiry date of the Term shall be
  adjusted accordingly. The LDC shall constitute an integral part of the
  Contract and have the equal legal force as the Contract.
   
  4.              INTEREST RATE ON THE LOAN, DEFAULT INTEREST RATE,
  INTEREST CALCULATION AND SETTLEMENT
   
  4.1       Interest Rate on the Loan (the “Loan Rate”)
   
        The Loan Rate hereunder shall be an annual rate set forth in item
        (2) below:
         
      (1)         a fixed interest rate of                      % which
      shall remain the same during the Term;
       
      (2)         [See Schedule A] on the date when interest commences to
      accrue (the “Interest Commencement Date”). Such interest rate shall
      remain the same during the Term; or
       
      (3)         a floating interest rate equal to      (100% a floating
      percentage of      %) (the “Floating Percentage”) of the Base Rate
      (as defined below) on the date when interest commences to accrue (the
      “Interest Commencement Date”). The Loan Rate shall, during the period
      between the Interest Commencement Date and the date when all the
      principal amount and interest accrued thereon under the Contract have
      been fully repaid, be adjusted once every        months in accordance
      with the Base Rate on the interest rate adjustment date and the
      Floating Percentage. The interest rate adjustment date shall be a
      date corresponding to the Interest
 

2

 

 
      Commencement Date in the month when such interest is adjusted. If
      there is no such a date corresponding to the Interest Commencement
      Date in such month, the adjustment date for the interest rate shall
      be the last day of such month.
 
    4.2             Default Interest Rate
         
      (1)         If Party A does not use the Loan hereunder for purposes
      set forth herein (“Misappropriation”), the default interest rate on
      such Loan shall be (100% plus 100%) of the Loan Rate. If the Loan
      Rate is adjusted according to Article 4.1 (3) above, the default
      interest rate shall be adjusted in accordance with the adjusted Loan
      Rate and the upward floating percentage set out in this Article 4.2
      (1).
       
      (2)         The default interest rate on overdue Loan shall be (100%
      plus 50 %) of the Loan Rate. If the Loan Rate is adjusted according
      to Article 4.1 (3) above, such default interest rate shall be
      adjusted in accordance with the adjusted Loan Rate and the upward
      floating percentage set out in this Article 4.2 (2).
       
      (3)         If Misappropriation and overdue payment occur
      concurrently, the default interest shall be calculated and compounded
      in accordance with the higher of the two default interest rates
      provided for in Articles 4.2(1) and 4.2(2) herein.
       
    4.3             The Interest Commencement Date provided in this Article
    4 refers to the date on which the proceeds of the first advance have
    been deposited into the loan disbursement account designated in Article
    6 (the “Loan Disbursement Account”).
     
     For the first advance of the Loan, the Base Rate refers to the lending
     interest rate quoted by the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”) on the
     Interest Commencement Date for loans with the same tenor and within
     the same category. If the lending interest rate on other advances of
     the Loan is adjusted in accordance with Article 4.1 (3), the Base R
     ate refers to the lending interest rate quoted by the PBOC on the
     interest rate adjustment date for loans with the same tenor and within
     the same category. If the PBOC no longer publishes such lending
     interest rate, the Base Rate shall mean, unless agreed otherwise
     between the parties, the lending interest rate with the same tenor and
     within the same category generally accepted by the banking industry 
     on the interest rate adjustment date or an interest rate commonly used
     for a loan with the same tenor and within the same category.
      
    4.4             The interest on the Loan shall commence to accrue as of
    the date when such Loan proceeds have been deposited into the Loan
    Disbursement Account designated by Party A. Interest on the Loan shall
    be computed daily with the daily interest rate equal to 1/360 of the
    annual interest rate. If Party A can not pay interest on the interest
    settlement date as provided herein, the interest shall be compounded as
    of the date immediately following the applicable interest settlement
    date.
     
    4.5             Interest Settlement
     
        (1)                     For a loan subject to a fixed interest
        rate, the interest accrued thereon shall be calculated in
        accordance with the agreed fixed interest rate. For a loan subject
        to a floating interest rate, the interest accrued thereon shall be
        calculated in accordance with the interest rate determined for each
        interest rate floating period. If the interest rate has been
        adjusted more
 

3

 

 
        than once during a single interest settlement period, the interest
        during each interest rate floating period shall be calculated first
        and the total interest accrued during such interest settlement
        period shall be the aggregate amount of all the interest accrued
        during each interest rate floating period within such interest
        settlement period.
 
        (2)   The interest accrued on the Loan hereunder shall be settled
        in accordance with (i) of the following:
         
         (i)                   on a monthly basis and the interest
         settlement date shall be the 20th day of each month;
          
         (ii)                on a quarterly basis and the interest
         settlement date shall be the 20th day of the last month of the
         relevant quarter;
          
         (iii)             other method:                                   
                   .
          
  5.              ADVANCE AND DRAWDOWN
   
  5.1       Conditions Precedent to Advance
   
     Unless Party B waives all or part of the following conditions, Party B
     shall be obligated to advance any amount of the Loan only if all the
     following conditions continuously remain satisfied:
      
        (1)                     Party A has completed all the approval,
        registration, delivery, insurance and other statutory procedures in
        relation to the Loan hereunder;
         
        (2)                     the security has become and remains
        effective, if a security is established for the Contract;
         
        (3)                     Party A has opened the bank accounts for
        drawdown and debt service purposes as Party B requests;
         
        (4)                     Party A has not triggered any event of
        default hereunder;
         
        (5)                     no event has occurred that may adversely
        impact Party B’s rights as a creditor;
         
        (6)                     the advance to be made by Party B is not
        prohibited or restricted by any laws, regulations, rules or
        competent authorities; and
         
        (7)                     the financial indicators of Party A shall,
        at all time, continue to meet the requirements specified in
        Schedule 2 Terms relating to Mandatory Financial Indicators;
         
        (8)                     Party A has submitted such materials as
        required in this Contract before any loan drawdown;
         
        (9)                     the materials submitted by Party A are
        legal, authenticated, complete, accurate, valid and be in
        accordance with other requirements of Party B;
         
     (10)              Other conditions
      
      
 

4

 

 
        5.2                   Drawdown Schedule
 
     “Drawdown” referred to in this Contract shall mean disbursements by
     Party B of the funds to the Loan Disbursement Account in accordance
     with Party A’s Application and this Contract.
      
     The drawdown schedule hereunder shall be item [see Schedule A] of the
     following:
      
       (1)               The drawdown schedule shall be as follows:
 
 
 
Drawdown Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
 
Amount
 
 
 
 
 
(i)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iv)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(v)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(vi)
 
 
 
 
        
       (2)               The drawdown schedule shall be as follows:
        
(i) from [
]
to [
],
Amount                           ;
(mm/dd/yyyy)
 
   (mm/dd/yyyy)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) from [
]
to [
],
Amount                           ;
(mm/dd/yyyy)
 
   (mm/dd/yyyy)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) from [
]
to [
],
Amount                           ;
(mm/dd/yyyy)
 
   (mm/dd/yyyy)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iv) from [
]
to [
],
Amount                           ;
(mm/dd/yyyy)
 
   (mm/dd/yyyy)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(v) from [
]
to [
],
Amount                           ;
(mm/dd/yyyy)
 
   (mm/dd/yyyy)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(vi) from [
]
to [
],
Amount                           ;
(mm/dd/yyyy)
 
   (mm/dd/yyyy)
 
 
             
     (3) from time to time, as required by Party A .
      
       (4)
        
        
 

5

 

 
    5.3             Party A shall draw the Loan in accordance with the
    drawdown schedule under Article 5.2. Without Party B’s written consent,
    Party A shall not accelerate, postpone or cancel any drawdown of the
    Loan.
     
    5.4             If Party A draws the Loan in installments, the
    expiration date of the Term shall be determined in accordance with
    Article 3 hereunder.
     
  5.5             Materials required to be submitted by Party A
   
    In respect of materials required to be submitted by Party A, the
    Parties agree that Item  A  applies [choose A or B]:
     
    A.
     
    Situation NO. 1
     
    Where the situation described in Item (1) [choose (1) or (2)] arises:
     
      (1)   the amount of any particular drawdown is more than RMB TEN
      million and the amount of any scheduled payment out of such drawdown
      is more than RMB TEN million;
       
      (2)
       
       
       
    Party A shall submit to Party B the following materials no later than
    ONE working days before the date of such drawdown:
      
      (1)   the LDC signed by Party A and payment/settlement certificate(s)
      signed by Party A;
       
      (2)   materials related to the underlying transactions (including
      without limitation goods/services/monetary contracts and/or invoices
      and other documents in writing or electronic form that are capable of
      evidencing the particular purposes of the loan drawdown);
       
       
       
    And other materials required by Party B (including without limitation
    business license, letter of authorization, articles of association,
    resolutions of Shareholders’ meeting /Board of directors of Party A’s
    counterparty).
     
    Situation NO. 2
     
    If Party B determines, after reviewing the aforementioned materials,
    that Party may initiate the payment in accordance with Article 5.7 of
    this Contract, or a situation other than Situation NO. 1 arises, Party
    A shall submit to Party B the following materials no later than ONE
    working days before the date of such drawdown:
     

6

 

     
       (1)                    The drawdown schedule corresponding to the
       proposed loan drawdown(The drawdown schedule being in the form of
       Schedule 3);
        
       (2)                    LDC signed by Party A;
        
        
        
    And other materials required by Party B (including without limitation
    business license, letter of authorization, articles of association,
    resolutions of Shareholders’ meeting/Board of directors of Party A ‘s
    counterparty).
     
    B.
     
    Party A shall submit to Party B the following materials no later than
    ONE working days before the date of such drawdown regardless of the
    amount of any particular drawdown:
     
       (1)                    the LDC signed by Party A and
       payment/settlement certificate (s) signed by Party A;
        
       (2)                    materials related to the underlying
       transactions (including without limitation goods/services/monetary
       contracts and/or invoices and other documents in writing or
       electronic form that are capable of evidencing the particular
       purposes of the loan drawdown);
         
         
         
         
    And other materials required by Party B(including without limitation
    business license, letter of authorization, articles of association,
    resolutions of Shareholders’ meeting/Board of directors of Party A ‘s
    counterparty).
     
  5.6             Entrusted Payment through Party B
   
       (1)                    Situations where Entrusted Payment applies to
       Party B
         
       If the situation described in (i) arises, , Entrusted Payment shall
       apply, i.e. Party A hereby irrevocably entrusts Party B to pay the
       amount of the drawdown to Party A’s counterparty. Party A shall not
       pay such amount directly to such counterparty or any other third
       party.
         
        (i)     the amount of any particular drawdown is more than RMB TEN
        million and the amount of any scheduled payment out of such
        drawdown is more than RMB TEN million, and Party B determines,
        after reviewing the materials submitted by Party A, that recipient
        of the payment is specific and identifiable;
 

7

 

 
        (ii) Entrusted Payment applies regardless of the amount of any
        particular drawdown;
          
        (iii) 
          
          
          
       (2)                    In the case of entrusted payment, Party B
       deposits the amount of the loan drawdown in the Loan Disbursement
       Account and pays such amount through Loan Disbursement Account to
       the account designated by Party A’s counterparty. Party A shall not
       dispose of the loan drawdown in any way (including without
       limitation account transfer or withdrawal of cash).
        
       (3)                    Party B will make prima facie examination of
       the documents submitted by Party A regarding payment amount, time of
       payment, recipient of payment, means of payment, and related
       accounts Party B will pay the drawdown amount to Party A’s
       counterparty if Party B determines at its discretion that it is
       satisfied with the abovementioned prima facie examination. The
       obligations of Party B relating to entrusted payment shall be
       extinguished once the drawdown amount is paid into the account of
       Party A’s counterparty (the information of such account shall be
       provided by Party A). Party A shall check and verify the status of
       payment within one working day after the date of payment and shall
       notify Party B in case of failure of payment. Party A shall
       guarantee that there is consistence between documents/information
       regarding recipient of payment, utilization of the loan and
       materials related to underlying documents.
        
       (4)                    There is no warranty or representation by
       Party B in respect of the truthfulness or legality or compliance
       with regulations of the underlying transactions although Party B has
       made the above-mentioned prima facie examination of the payment
       documents. Nor shall Party B be implicated in any dispute between
       Party A and Party A’s counterparty or any third party. Nor shall
       Party B be liable for any obligations or liabilities of Party A.
       Party A shall compensate Party B for any and all losses incurred by
       Party B resulting from Party B’s activities relating to Entrusted
       Payment.
        
       (5)                    Where there is a failure or delay in payment
       of the drawdown amount to the account of Party A’s counterparty and
       such failure or delay is caused by incompleteness, untruthfulness or
       inaccuracy of the documents submitted by Party A, or by violation of
       permitted utilization of loan or by information discrepancy or by
       other reasons but not by Party B’s fault, the following applies:
        
         (i)        Party A shall be liable for all the consequences
         including without limitation all losses caused by the above
         mentioned failure or delay. Party B shall not be liable in any way
         and shall be compensated by Party A for any losses resulting
         therefrom;
           
         (ii)       Party A shall not dispose of any of such drawdown
         amount in anyway (including without limitation account transfer or
         withdrawal of cash);
           
         (iii)      Party A shall resubmit materials, make corrections
         and/or perform other activities as instructed by Party B within
         ONE working days;
 

8

 

 
       Party B may accelerate the maturity of such loan drawdown if Party A
       is in breach of any of the above provisions.
         
       (6)                    Party A shall be liable for any and all
       risks, liabilities and losses caused by any failure or error or
       delay in payment which does not result from Party B’s fault. Party B
       shall not be liable in any way and shall be compensated by Party A
       for any losses resulting therefrom.
        
  5.7             Payment on Party A’s own initiative
     
    Where situation other than that described in Article 5.6 (1) arises,
    Party A may initiate the payment at its own discretion. i.e. Party B
    may deposit the drawdown amount to the Loan Disbursement Account as
    instructed by Party A’s application for loan drawdown, Party A may then
    pay such amount directly to the recipient. Party A shall guarantee the
    conformity between the recipient, utilization of loan and the
    underlying transaction documents.
     
    5.8             The obligations of Party B to advance loans shall be
    extinguished once the loan amount is deposited into the Loan
    Disbursement Account regardless of entrusted payment or not. Party A
    shall ensure the Loan Disbursement Account remain in normal status
    (including without limitation not subject to freezing by competent
    authorities). Party A shall bear all risks, liabilities and losses
    including without limitation freezing and mandatory transfer by
    competent authorities. Party A shall compensate Party B for any losses
    resulting therefrom.
   
  5.9             Change of means of payment
     
    Party B is entitled to change the means of payment if any of the
    following circumstances arises, including without limitation
    re-determining the situations where Entrusted Payment applies,(e.g.
    changing the threshold amount for Entrusted Payment) and changing the
    means of payment in respect of any particular drawdown:
     
      (1)         Any event of default by Party A arises;
     
      (2)         There arises any event that may adversely impact Party
      B’s rights as a creditor;
     
      (3)         Other circumstances where Party B deems necessary to
      change the means of payment.
        
    Where Party B changes the means of payment, Party A shall resubmit the
    materials or perform other activities as required by this Contract and
    Party B.
     
    6.                                      USE AND SUPERVISION OF ACCOUNTS
         
     6.1                 Loan Disbursement Account
         
        The Loan Disbursement Account herein shall be determined in
        accordance with (2):
         
           (1)                   within        working days from the date
           of coming into effect of
 

9

 

 
           this Contract and before the date of first drawdown, Party A
           shall open an account within Party B for the sole purpose of the
           disbursement and payment of all loan amount under this Contract.
             
           (2)                   other account opened by Party A within
           Party B (Account Number:                                        
              ).
            
     6.2                 Account to collect sale proceeds
         
         (1)            within ONE working days from the date of coming
         into effect of this Contract, Party A shall open an account within
         Party B for the purpose of collecting sale proceeds or designate
         an existing account within Party B as such (Account Number:       
                                             ).
           
         (2)            Party A shall, on a monthly basis (choose “monthly”
         or “quarterly”), submit a report to Party B on the incoming and
         outgoing amounts of such account. Party A shall submit such report
         for the immediately preceding month or quarter (as the case may
         be) within the first FIVE working days of each month or quarter.
           
         (3)            Party B is entitled to manage the incoming and
         outgoing amounts of such account. In particular, such account
         shall be in compliance with (vi) (one or more of the following
         requirements may be selected):
           
            (i)                      average balances of such account:
 
 
 
            (ii)                   time for incoming payment being
            deposited into such account:
 
 
 
            (iii)                percentage of the overall sale proceeds of
            Party A that are to be deposited into such account:
 
 
 
            (iv)               amount limit for any particular outgoing
            payment of such account:
 
 
 
            (v)                  amount limit for daily outgoing payment
            (s) of such account:
 
 
 

10

 

 
            (vi)               restrictions on internet-banking functions
            of such account:
 
 
 
            (vii)            no outgoing payment shall be made without
            Party B’s prior consent;
              
            (viii)         Such account shall be used only for the purposes
            of collecting sale proceeds and repaying the loan, and not for
            any other purpose;
               
            (ix)              
 
 
 
            (x)                  other requirements by Party B;
         
            (xi)               A separate Account Management Agreement
            signed by both Parties shall be complied with.
               
    7.                                      REPAYMENT
   
      7.1       General Principles for Repayment
     
      Party A shall repay the Loan in accordance with the following
      principles: Party B has the right to apply Party A’s repayment first
      towards payment of any expense which shall be borne by Party A as
      provided hereunder but has been advanced by Party B and the expenses
      incurred by Party B for realizing its creditor’s rights. Party B
      shall apply the balance of such repayment in the order of interest
      first and then principal adhering to the principle that the interest
      shall be fully repaid concurrently with the repayment in full of all
      the principal amounts.
       
      For any advance of which the principal has become due but unpaid for
      more than ninety days, or any advance on which the interest has
      become due but unpaid for more than ninety days, or any advance
      otherwise provided by the laws, regulations or rules, Party B may
      first apply Party A’s repayment towards those payments of expenses
      set out in the first paragraph of this article. Then Party B may
      apply the balance of such repayment towards payment in the order of
      principal first and then interest.
       
      7.2       Payment of Interest
     
      Party A shall pay due interest to Party B on the interest settlement
      date. The first interest payment date shall be the first interest
      settlement date after the release of an advance. All the interest and
      principal amounts outstanding shall be paid in full on the last
      repayment date.
       
      7.3       Schedule for Repayment of the Principal
     
      The repayment schedule hereunder shall be determined in accordance
      with item [see Schedule A] below:
 

11

 

 
      (1)                                                         The
      repayment schedule shall be as follows:
       
             Repayment Date(mm/dd/yyyy)
 
Amount
 
(i)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iv)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(v)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(vi)
 
 
 
          
      (2)
          
          
          
      7.4       Repayment Method
     
      Party A shall deposit sufficient amount into the Account to collect
      sale processor other account at Party B before the repayment date
      provided hereunder and transfer such amount to repay the Loan (Party
      B may also debit such amount from such account to repay the Loan), or
      transfer such amount from another bank account of Party A to repay
      the Loan.
       
      7.5       Prepayment
     
      Party A may prepay the principals in full or in part upon approval by
      Party B of a written application submitted to Party B THIRTY working
      days in advance.
       
      The interest accrued on the principals to be prepaid shall be
      calculated on the basis of the actual number of days lapsed and the
      Loan Rate provided herein.
       
      If Party B approves the prepayment by Party A, Party B shall have the
      right to charge Party A the compensation fee in an amount to be
      determined in accordance with the (1) of the following methods:
       
       (1)          compensation fee = amount of the principal prepaid ×
       number of months remaining until the scheduled repayment date(the “
       Remaining Period”) × 1%; provided, however, that the part of the
       Remaining Period that falls short of a month shall be calculated as
       a full month; or
          
       (2)
          
          
          
      If Party A is required to repay the Loan in installments and prepays
      part of the principal, the prepaid amount shall be applied in the
      reverse order of the repayment schedule. After any partial
      prepayment, the outstanding Loan shall still be subject to the Loan
      Rate provided herein.
       

12

 

       
       
       
      8.                                                              
      PARTY A’S RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS
   
      8.1 Party A’s Rights
 
        Party A has the rights to:
         
        (1)   request Party B to release each advance of the Loan as
        provided hereunder;
         
        (2)   utilize the Loan for the purposes provided for hereunder;
          
        (3)   apply to Party B for extension of the Term hereunder provided
        that it has satisfied all the conditions as Party B requests;
         
        (4)          require Party B to keep confidential the relevant
        financial information and manufacturing and operating trade secrets
        furnished by Party A except provided otherwise by law, regulations
        and rules, or required otherwise by the competent authorities, or
        agreed otherwise between the both parties hereto;
         
        (5)          reject Party B or its employees asking for bribe; it
        shall have the right to lodge complaint with the competent
        authority about such misconduct and any other act of Party B that
        may violate the laws and regulations relating to the lending
        interest rate and service charges.
         
        8.2 Party A’s Obligations
         
         (1)                    Party A shall draw the Loan and repay the
         principal and interest in full as provided herein, and bear the
         expenses and fees as provided herein;
          
         (2)                    Party A shall provide its financial,
         accounting as well as manufacturing and operating information and
         other materials as the Party B may request, and among other
         things, on or before the TWENTY working day of the first month of
         each quarter, Party A shall provide to Party B with the balance
         sheet and the profit and loss statement (or the income and
         expenditure statement, if Party A is a public institution) up to
         the end of the preceding quarter, and shall provide the cash flow
         statement at the end of each year in a timely fashion. Party A
         shall be responsible for the legality, truthfulness, accuracy,
         completeness and validity of the information it provides, and
         shall not provide false information or conceal material facts with
         respect to its financial and operation status;
          
         (3)                    In case of any change in Party A’s name,
         legal representative (or principal officer), registered address,
         business scope, registered capital, articles of association or any
         other registration with local industrial and commercial authority,
         or there arises any circumstances that may adversely affect Party
         A’s capability to repay the indebtedness or may endanger Party B’s
         rights as a creditor, Party A shall notify Party B in writing of
         the same with relevant documents together with such notification
         evidencing the changes within 3 working days thereafter;
          
         (4)                    Party A shall utilize the Loan in
         accordance with the purposes as provided herein, and shall not
         misappropriate the Loan or utilize the Loan to carry out any
         transactions in violation of the laws and regulations, nor for
         investments in fixed assets, or equity or other areas, nor for
         production or operations prohibited by the state, nor for repaying
         the indebtedness incurred as a result of Party A’s investments
 

13

 

 
         in fixed assets or equity etc.; Party A shall cooperate with Party
         B in its inspection of Party A’s manufacturing, operating and
         financial activities and utilization of the Loan herein, and shall
         be subject to the requirements of Party B relating to loan
         management; Party A shall not try to evade its repayment
         obligations owing to Party B by means of withdrawing capital it
         has injected, transferring assets or entering into related-party
         transactions. Further, Party A shall not attempt to obtain loans
         or credit facilities from Party B by using dummy contracts with
         its related parties or by pledging such rights as notes receivable
         or accounts receivable without actual underlying transactions or
         by applying to Party B for discounting the same; Party A shall be
         in compliance with the provisions relating to means of payment and
         shall not evade Entrusted Payment by way of dividing a
         larger-amount payment into payments in smaller amounts;
          
        (5)     Party A shall comply with the regulations relating to
        environmental protection, if the Loan hereunder shall be utilized
        for manufacturing or project construction;
         
        (6)     Without Party B’s consent, Party A shall not mortgage or
        pledge any assets acquired by utilizing the Loan hereunder for the
        benefit of a third party before full repayment of the principals
        and interest accrued thereon;
         
        (7)     If Party A qualifies as a group customer, it shall promptly
        report to Party B any related-party transactions involving more
        than 10% of Party A’s net assets, including (i) the relationship
        among all the parties to such transaction; (ii) the transaction and
        its nature; (iii) the transaction amount or the relevant ratio; and
        (iv) pricing policy (also applicable to the transactions with no
        price or merely nominal price);
         
        (8)     Party A shall not carry out merger, split-up, transfer of
        shares, outward investment, substantial increase of debt financing
        or other activities of importance without Party B’s prior written
        consent. For the avoidance of doubt, such consent shall not impair
        Party B’s rights to take remedial measures if Party B determines at
        a later time that such activities of Party A may endanger Party B’s
        rights as a creditor;
         
        (9)     In the case of payment at Party A’s own initiative, Party A
        shall submit reports to Party B on the use and payment of loan
        amounts on a monthly basis. Party A shall submit such report for
        the immediately preceding month within the first TEN working days
        of each month, together with a list of actual uses of loan amounts,
        until the date of repayment of all the loan. Such report shall be
        in the form attached in Schedule 4.
         
    9.                                      PARTY B’S RIGHTS AND
    OBLIGATIONS
   
       9.1                         Party B is entitled to request Party A
       to repay the principal, interest accrued thereon and expenses when
       due, to manage and control the payment of loan amounts, to monitor
       on a real-time basis overall cash flows of Party A and to accelerate
       the maturity of the loan considering the status of collection of
       sale proceeds of Party A. Party B may exercise any other rights
       hereunder and demand Party A to perform any other obligations
       hereunder.
       
       9.2                         Party B is entitled to engage in Party
       A’s large-amount financing (The total amount of such financing shall
       be more than RMB SEVENTY-FOUR MILLION or Foreign Exchange equivalent
       ) , sale of assets, merger, split-up,
 

14

 

 
        stock-company restructuring, bankruptcy, liquidation and other
        activities for the purpose of protecting Party B’s rights. The
        way(s) of engagement shall be (1) (multiple choices are allowed)
       
        (1) Party A shall seek Party B’s prior written consent before
        carrying out any of the above activities;
          
        (2) Party B is entitled to arrange for Party A’s large-amount
        financings;
          
        (3) the sale price and buyer of the assets shall be in compliance
        with the following:
          
          
          
        (4)
          
          
          
        (5) other ways Party B deems fit.
          
       9.3                         Party B shall advance the Loan as
       provided herein unless the delay or failure in advancing the Loan is
       caused by any reason attributable to Party A or any other reason
       that can not be attributed to Party B.
        
       9.4                         Party B shall keep confidential the
       relevant financial documents and manufacturing and operating trade
       secrets furnished by Party A except otherwise provided by the laws,
       regulations and rules, or required by the competent authorities, or
       agreed between the parties hereto.
        
      9.5                   Party B shall not bribe Party A or its
      employees, nor request any bribe or accept any bribe offered by Party
      A.
       
      9.6                   Party B shall not engage in any activity which
      is dishonest or will be detrimental to Party A’s lawful interests.
       
    10.                               DEFAULT AND REMEDY
   
        10.1 Events of Default by Party B and Liabilities
         
          (1)          If Party B does not advance the Loan as provided
          herein without justifiable reason, Party A may request Party B to
          advance the Loan in accordance with the Contract.
           
          (2)          If Party B charges any interest or fee which is
          prohibited by the laws or regulations, Party A may request Party
          B to refund the interest or fee charged.
          
        10.2 Events of Default by Party A
         
The events of default by Party A shall include:
 
         (1) Party A breaches any statutory obligation or any contractual
         obligation hereunder; and
 

15

 

 
         (2) Party A has repudiated its obligations hereunder expressly or
         by its conduct.
          
        10.3 Events that may Adversely Impact Creditor’s Rights
         
        (1)     the occurrence of any of the following events upon Party A
        which Party B believes may adversely impact its creditor’s rights:
          
        contracting, trustee (receiver) being appointed, lease,
        shareholding restructuring, decrease of its registered capital,
        investment, joint operation, mergers and acquisitions, acquisition
        and restructuring, division, joint venture, shares transfer,
        substantial increase of debt financing, applying for (or subject to
        an application for) temporary cessation of operation or
        dissolution, revocation, applying for (or subject to an application
        for) bankruptcy, change of controlling shareholders/actual
        controllers, transfer of material assets, suspension of production
        or operation, significant penalty imposed by regulatory
        authorities, cancellation of registration, revocation of business
        license, involvement in material legal proceedings, severe
        deterioration in operation and financial condition, deterioration
        of credit standing, legal representative/principal officer being
        unable to perform their duties;
           
        (2)     the occurrence of any of the following events which Party B
        believes may adversely impact its creditor’s rights:
           
        Party A fails to repay any other due debts, including such debts
        owed to any other branch or organization of China Construction Bank
        or to any other third party; Party A transfers assets at a low
        price or for free; Party A relieves or waives any debt of a third
        party; Party A fails to exercise its creditor’s rights or any other
        rights; or Party A provides security for a third party; financial
        indicators of Party A fail to meet, on a continuous basis, the
        requirements specified in Schedule2; there are unusual fluctuations
        in any of Party A’s accounts (including without limitation account
        to collect sale proceeds and other account subject to Party B’s
        supervision) ; there are grave cross-defaults by Party A; 
        profit-making capability of Party A’s core business is undesirable
        ; there is irregularity in the use of loan;
           
        (3)     Party A’s shareholder manipulates the independence status
        of Party A as a legal person or the limited liability status of the
        shareholder in order to evade debts, and Party B believes this
        manipulation may adversely impact its creditor’s rights;
          
        (4)     any of the conditions precedent to advance the Loan has not
        been satisfied continuously;
           
        (5)     the occurrence of any of the following events upon the
        guarantor which Party B believes may adversely impact its
        creditor’s rights:
           
         (i)         the guarantor breaches any provision of the guarantee
         contract, or any of the representations and warranties it has made
         proves to be false, wrong or incomplete;
             
         (ii)      contracting, trustee (receiver) being appointed, lease,
         shareholding restructuring, decrease of its registered capital,
         investment, joint operation, mergers and acquisitions, acquisition
         and restructuring, division, joint venture, shares transfer,
         substantial increase of debt
 

16

 

 
        financing, applying for (or subject to an application for)
        temporary cessation of operation or dissolution, revocation,
        applying for (or subject to an application for) bankruptcy, change
        of controlling shareholders/actual controllers, transfer of
        material assets, transfer of assets at a low price or for free,
        relieving or waiving any debt of a third party; failure to exercise
        its creditor’s rights or any other rights, suspension of production
        or operation, significant penalty imposed by regulatory
        authorities, cancellation of registration, revocation of business
        license, involvement in material legal proceedings, severe
        deterioration in operation and financial condition, deterioration
        of credit standing, legal representative/principal officer’s
        inability to perform their duties, which may adversely impact its
        capability as a guarantor;
             
        (iii)  other events in which the guarantor has lost or may lose its
        capability as guarantor.
             
        (6)       the occurrence of any of the following events on the
        mortgage or pledge which Party B believes may adversely impact its
        creditor’s rights:
           
          (i)                   the mortgaged or pledged property is
          damaged, destroyed or its value is reduced as a result of a
          third-party’s action, expropriation, confiscation, eminent domain
          or redevelopment and relocation by the government, market change,
          or any other reason;
               
          (ii)                the mortgaged or pledged property has been
          seized, impounded, frozen, mandatorily debited, put on lien, sold
          by auction, subject to administration order by a government
          authority, or a dispute over the ownership of the mortgaged or
          pledged property occurs;
               
          (iii)             the mortgagor or pledgor breaches any provision
          of the mortgage/pledge contract, or any of the representations
          and warranties it has made proves to be false, wrong or
          incomplete;
               
          (iv)            other events that may adversely impact Party B’s
          ability to realize its mortgage or pledge.
               
        (7)                    the security is not effected, becomes
        ineffective, invalid, or is rescinded or terminated, or the
        security provider defaults or repudiates its obligations expressly
        or by conduct, or the security provider has lost its capability to
        perform its obligations as a security provider in whole or in part,
        or the value of the collateral is reduced, which Party B believes
        may adversely impact its creditor’s rights; or
           
        (8)                    other events which Party B believes may
        adversely impact its creditor’s rights.
           
        10.4                        Party B’s Remedy
         
        Upon occurrence of any event under Article 10.2 or 10.3, Party B
        may exercise one or more of the following rights:
           
        (1)                         to stop advancing the Loan;
 

17

 

 
          (2)             to request for more conditions precedent for loan
          advance and payment;
            
          (3)             to change the means of payment of loan in
          accordance with this Contract;
            
          (4)             to declare the Loan immediately due and payable,
          and request Party A to repay immediately all the due and undue
          principal, interest and fees;
            
          (5)             if Party A fails to make any drawdown in
          accordance with the Contract, Party B may hold Party A liable to
          pay a penalty equal to 0 % of the Loan proceeds not drawn and may
          reject Party A’s request for drawing such Loan;
            
          (6)             if Party A utilizes any part of the Loan for any
          purpose other than as provided herein, interest on the
          misappropriated amount shall be calculated and compounded for the
          period from the date of the misappropriation to the date when all
          the principal and interest have been fully paid in accordance
          with the relevant default interest rate and the interest
          settlement method as provided herein;
            
          (7)             if any principal is overdue, the interest on such
          principal and on any overdue interest (including whole or part of
          the principal and interest which have been accelerated), shall be
          calculated and compounded for the period from the first date such
          principal becomes overdue to the date when all the principal and
          interest have been fully paid, in accordance with the relevant
          default interest rate and the interest settlement method as
          provided herein;
            
          “Overdue” herein means that Party A fails to repay the Loan on
          the repayment date or, in case of repayment in installments,
          fails to repay the relevant installments in accordance with the
          repayment schedule as provided herein.
             
          Before any principal is overdue, the overdue interest shall be
          compounded in accordance with the interest rate and the interest
          settlement method as provided herein;
             
          (8)             other remedies, including but not limited to:
            
              (i)                              to debit Party A’s accounts
              at China Construction Bank in RMB or other currencies with
              corresponding amount without prior notice to Party A;
                
              (ii)                           to exercise its rights under
              the security interest;
                
              (iii)                        to request Party A to provide
              new security satisfactory to Party B for all the debts of
              Party A hereunder;
                
              (iv)                       to decline Party A’s request to
              dispose of its deposits of corresponding amount, within any
              account opened with any branch of China Construction Bank
              (including without limitation the account to collect sale
              proceeds);
                
              (v)                          to terminate the Contract.
 

18

 

 
    11.                               MISCELLANEOUS
   
    11.1                        Cost Allocation
         
          (1)            all costs and expenses incurred as a result of
          Party A’s breach of any provision in this Contract, including
          without limitation court fees, arbitration fees, property
          preservation fees, travel expenses, enforcement expenses,
          valuation/appraisal fees, auction fees, notary fees, service
          fees, public announcement costs, legal fees, shall be borne by
          Party A.
           
         (2)                 in respect of other fees the parties agree as
         follows:
          
    11.2                        Use of Party A’s Information
     
       Party A agrees that Party B is entitled to inquire about Party A’s
       creditworthiness with the Credit Database or relevant authorities
       established or approved by the People’s Bank of China and the Credit
       Reference Agency, and that Party B is entitled to provide Party A’s
       information to such Credit Database. Party A further agrees that
       Party B may reasonably use and disclose Party A’s information for
       business purpose.
         
    11.3                        Collection by Public Announcement
     
       In the event that Party A fails to repay on time any principal or
       interest or breaches any other contractual obligations hereunder,
       Party B is entitled to report to relevant authorities and demand
       repayments by means of public announcement via press.
       
    11.4                        Party B’s Record as Evidence
     
       Unless there is reliable and definitive evidence to the contrary,
       Party B’s internal records of principal, interest, expenses and
       repayment, receipts, vouchers made or retained by Party B during the
       course of drawdown, repayment and interest payment, and records and
       vouchers relating to the collections by Party B shall constitute
       valid evidence of the creditor-debtor relationship between the two
       parties. Party A shall not raise any objection merely because the
       above records, receipts, vouchers are made or retained by Party B.
       
    11.5                        No Waivers
     
       Party B’s rights hereunder shall not prejudice or exclude any other
       rights Party B is entitled to under applicable laws, regulations and
       other contracts. No forbearance, extension of time limit,
       preferential treatment or delay in exercising any right hereunder
       shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of rights and interests
       hereunder or permit or recognition of any breach of the Contract.
       Nor shall it restrict, prevent or interfere with the continuous
       exercise of such right at a later time or any other right, nor shall
       the foregoing cause Party B to be liable in any way to the Borrower.
       
        11.6                        If Party A owes Party B any other due
        and payable debts in addition to the debts hereunder, Party B may
        debit any of Party A’s account at China Construction Bank in RMB or
        other currencies and may choose to repay any of the due and payable
        debts in the order it deems appropriate. Party A agrees not to
        raise any objection with respect thereto.
 

19

 

 
        11.7                        In the event of any change to the
        address or other contact information, Party A shall promptly notify
        Party B of such change in writing. Party A shall be liable for any
        loss caused by its failure of giving prompt notice of such change.
        
        11.8                        Direct Debit Right
         
        Party B is entitled to debit, without prior notice to Party A, any
        account of Party A at China Construction Bank in RMB or other
        currencies to pay all amounts payable under the Contract. Party A
        shall assist Party B to complete any procedures for foreign
        exchange settlement or sale, and Party A shall bear the risk of
        exchange rate fluctuation.
         
        11.9                        Dispute Resolution
     
        Any dispute arising from the performance of the Contract may be
        settled by consultation. If the dispute cannot be resolved through
        consultation, such dispute shall be submitted to  (1)  [please
        select from below]:
         
          (1)                           the People’s court within the
          jurisdiction where Party B is located.
     
          (2)                                                              
                        [name of the arbitration committee] for arbitration
          at                                  [place of arbitration] in
          accordance with the then prevailing arbitration rules. The
          arbitration award shall be final and binding on both Party A and
          Party B.
           
        The undisputed provisions shall remain enforceable during the
        process of litigation or arbitration.
         
    11.10           Effectiveness of the Contract
     
          The Contract shall become effective upon:
           
            (1)                    execution by the legal
            representative/(principal officer) or authorized representative
            of Party A and being affixed with the company chop of Party A;
            and
             
            (2)                    execution by the principal officer or
            authorized representative of Party B and being affixed with the
            company chop of Party B. All Schedules of this Contract shall
            constitute integral parts of this Contract and shall be equally
            binding.
             
    11.11           The Contract shall be executed in                      
                     counterparts.
     
    11.12           Other Provisions:
     

20

 

   
12.          REPRESENTATIONS
   
        12.1                Party A clearly understands the business scope
        and authorization limit of Party B.
         
        12.2                Party A has read the Contract. Party B, at
        Party A’s request, has explained the terms of the Contract, and
        Party A fully understands their meanings and corresponding legal
        consequences.
 
        12.3                The execution and performance of the Contract
        by Party A is in compliance with laws, administrative regulations,
        rules and Party A’s articles of association (or its other internal
        constitutional documents) and has been approved by its internal
        competent organization and/or the competent governmental
        authorities.
         
        12.4                Party A carries out production and operation in
        compliance with laws and regulations.
         
        12.5                Party A has the capability to keep its business
        going and has the legitimate sources to repay the loan.
         
        12.6                Party A warrants that the loan amount requested
        under this Contract is no more than necessary to meet the real
        needs of Party A for the purposes specified herein.
         
        12.7                Both Party A and its controlling shareholder
        have good financial standing and have no record of gross
        misconducts.
        
        12.8                Party A agrees that Party B has the right to
        instruct other branches of China Construction Bank to advance loan
        under this Contract and to exercise or perform the rights and
        obligations hereunder.
        
        12.9                Party A represents that, at the time of
        execution of this Contract, there exists no action or event that
        violates any applicable laws, regulations or rules in relation to
        environmental protection, energy saving and emission/pollution
        reduction (the “Environmental Laws”). Party A further warrants that
        it shall strictly comply with such Environmental Law after the
        execution of this Contract. If any of the above representations or
        warranties is untrue, or Party A defaults on any of the above
        undertakings, or there is any potential risk of energy dissipation
        or pollution by Party A, Party B is entitled to stop advancing
        loans, to declare an acceleration of the principal and interest not
        yet due hereunder, or adopt other remedial measures provided
        hereunder or permitted by laws.
 

21

 

   
 
Party A (Company Chop)
 
 
 
By the legal representative (principal officer) or authorized 
representative:
 
 
 
Signature:
 
 
 
 
 
Date:
 
 
 
Party B (Company Chop)
 
 
 
By the principal officer or authorized representative:
 
 
 
Signature:
 
 
 
 
 
Date:
 
 

22

 

 
  Schedule 1
   
Loan Information
 
  1.  Specific purposes of the loan:
   
This Loan is used for company’s daily operation expense, including material 
purchase payment and employee’s salary.
      
    Party A shall not change the purpose of the loan without Party B’s
    written consent.
      
  2.  Sources of funds for loan repayment :
   
Company’s proceeds of sales.
      
    Party A guarantees the truthfulness and legality of such sources of
    funds and the steadiness and adequacy of cash flows of such sources.
      
  3.  Miscellaneous
 

1

 

 
    Schedule 2
   
Mandatory Financial Indicators
 
    The Financial indicators of Party A shall on a continuous basis meet
    the following requirements:
    
Maximum Monthly Capital/Debt
65%
 
 
Minimum Current Ratio:
100%
 
 
Minimum liquidity Ratio:
60%
 
 
Maximum contingency liability/Capital
30%
 
 
Maximum accumulated long term investment/Capital
30%
    
    Party B has the right to change unilaterally such requirements as to
    mandatory indicators provided that FIVE working-day advanced notice is
    issued to Party A.
 

2

 

 
Schedule 3
 
Schedule for Loan Drawdown
 
Contract Number
Date of Drawdown
 
No.
 
Proposed
Purpose
 
Proposed Payment
Amount
 
Proposed Recipient
(if any)
 
Notes
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
…
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
…
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
 
RMB (CAPITALIZE WORDS)
 
 
Name of the Borrower (company seal):
 

3

 

 
Schedule 4
 
Consolidated report on payment at Party A’s initiative
 
Contract Number
Date of Delivery
 
NO.
 
Actual purpose of 
the Loan
 
Recipient
 
Amount
 
Evidencing 
Materials
 
Whether or not
in compliance
with the
purpose
specified in
this Contract
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
……
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
total
 
RMB (CAPITALIZE WORDS)
 
 
Name of the Borrower_ (company seal):
 
Internal review
Relationship Manager (signature):
 
 
 
Officer in charge of reviewing loan advances and payments (signature):
 
 

4

 

 
Schedule A to Form of RMB Working Capital Loan Agreement
 
Loan Commencement Date 	
Loan Expiration Date
Loan Amount 	Loan Rate 	Drawdown Schedule 	Schedule for Repayment
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
 

5