 EX-10.22 2 ex10-22.htm EXHIBIT 10.22
Exhibit 10.22

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


This employment agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered into as of July 16, 
2007 (the “Effective Date”) by and between Avistar Communications 
Corporation (the “Company”) and Simon Moss (“Executive”).
       1.       Duties and Scope of Employment.
 
(a)  Positions and Duties.  As of the Effective Date, Executive will serve 
as President of the Company.  Executive will render such business and 
professional services in the performance of his duties, consistent with 
Executive’s position within the Company, as shall reasonably be assigned to 
him by the Chairman of the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”).

(b)  Obligations.  During the Employment Term (as defined herein), 
Executive will perform his duties faithfully and to the best of his ability 
and will devote his full business efforts and time to the Company.  For the 
duration of the Employment Term, Executive agrees not to actively engage in 
any other employment, occupation or consulting activity for any direct or 
indirect remuneration without the prior approval of the Board.

(c)  Work Eligibility.  In order to comply with employer regulations 
adopted in the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, within three (3) 
business days of employment, Executive will need to present documentation 
demonstrating authorization to work in the United States.

2.  At-Will Employment.  Executive’s employment with the Company pursuant 
to this Agreement (the “Employment Term”) shall commence on the Effective 
Date and shall continue, unless otherwise terminated as provided herein.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that Executive’s 
employment with the Company will be “at-will” employment and may be 
terminated at any time with or without cause or notice.  Executive 
understands and agrees that neither his job performance nor promotions, 
commendations, bonuses or the like from the Company give rise to or in any 
way serve as the basis for continuation, modification, amendment, or 
extension, by implication or otherwise, of his employment with the Company. 
 However, as described in this Agreement, Executive may be entitled to 
severance benefits depending on the circumstances of Executive’s 
termination of employment with the Company.

3.  Compensation.

(a)  Base Salary.  During the Employment Term, the Company will pay 
Executive as compensation for his services a base salary at the annualized 
rate of $250,000.00 or such other rate not below $250,000.00 as the 
Compensation Committee of the Board (the “Compensation Committee”) may 
determine from time to time (the “Base Salary”).  The Base Salary will be 
paid periodically in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll practices 
and be subject to applicable withholding taxes.

Once the Compensation Committee has approved or increased such Base Salary, 
it thereafter shall not be reduced; provided, however, that if a Change of 
Control (as defined below) has not occurred, such Base Salary may be 
reduced by the Compensation Committee if such reduction is in proportion to 
a salary reduction program approved by the Board which affects a majority 
of the other executive officers of the Company generally.

(b)  Stock Options.  The Company shall recommend to its Compensation 
Committee that Executive be granted an option to purchase up to 1,100,000 
shares of the Company’s Common Stock at an exercise price equal to the fair 
market value of the Company’s Common Stock on the date of grant (the 
“Option”).  The Option shall vest over a four (4) year period subject to 
Executive’s continued service with the Company through the relevant vesting 
dates.  In all other respects, the Option shall be subject to the terms, 
definitions and provisions of the Company’s 2000 Stock Plan and form of 
option agreement adopted for use thereunder.

Executive will be eligible to participate in the Company’s annual incentive 
option program pursuant to such terms and conditions as determined by the 
Compensation Committee in its sole discretion.  Subject to individual and 
Company performance objectives set by the Compensation Committee, such 
annual incentive option grant to Executive for 2008 could be between 
250,000 and 500,000 shares.  However, any such annual option grant or 
additional grants and the amount of such grants will be in the sole 
discretion of the Board and/or the Compensation Committee, as applicable.

1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c)  Bonus.  For each fiscal year of the Company, Executive will be 
eligible to receive an annual bonus based upon the achievement of 
performance criteria specified by the Compensation Committee (the “Bonus”). 
 Any Bonus paid shall be subject to all applicable withholding taxes and 
will be paid within sixty (60) days of the date that the Bonus is earned.  
The annual bonus shall be determined and paid in two installments, the 
first as of June 30 and the second as of December 31 of each year during 
the Employment Term.

For fiscal 2007 the actual amount of Bonus paid will depend upon revenue 
earned by the Products Division of the Company during Quarter 3 and Quarter 
4 of fiscal 2007 and will not be subject to any minimum revenue threshold.  
The amount to be paid will be calculated based on a product and services 
revenue target of $5.4 million and a target Bonus of $74,500 for Quarters 3 
and 4 of fiscal 2007 combined.  The percentage of the revenue target earned 
by the close of each quarter will be used to calculate the percentage of 
$74,500 earned for that quarter and paid out following the close of that 
quarter.  Should product revenues total $6.05 million or more by the end of 
Q4 of fiscal 2007, the Executive will be paid an additional $13,000, making 
the total possible Bonus for fiscal 2007 equal to $87,500.  This additional 
bonus will not be subject to pro-ration for revenues less than $6.05 
million.

For fiscal 2008, the total possible Bonus will equal $175,000 based on 
metrics to be approved in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee 
(metrics may include, but are not limited to, minimum revenue, total 
revenue, revenue growth, profits, and the like).  Bonus calculations will 
be subject to a minimum revenue threshold determined by the Compensation 
Committee in its sole discretion.

4.  Employee Benefits.  During the Employment Term, Executive will be 
entitled to participate in the employee benefit plans currently and 
hereafter maintained by the Company of general applicability to other 
senior executives of the Company.  The Company reserves the right to cancel 
or change the benefit plans and programs it offers to its employees at any 
time.

5.  Expenses.  The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable travel, 
entertainment or other expenses incurred by Executive in the furtherance of 
or in connection with the performance of Executive’s duties hereunder, in 
accordance with the Company’s expense reimbursement policy as in effect 
from time to time.

6.  Severance.

(a)  Involuntary Termination.  If prior to a Change of Control (as defined 
below), Executive’s employment with the Company terminates (excluding a 
termination based on Executive’s death or Disability (as defined herein)) 
other than voluntarily or for Cause (as defined herein), and Executive 
signs and does not revoke a standard release of claims with the Company, 
then, subject to Section 10, Executive shall be entitled to receive: (i) 
continuing payments of severance pay (less applicable withholding taxes) at 
a rate equal to his Base Salary rate, as then in effect, for a period of 
six (6) months from the date of such termination of employment, to be paid 
periodically in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll policies; (ii) 
all shares of common stock subject to the Option which have vested as of 
the date of Executive’s termination of employment shall be exercisable for 
a period of six (6) months following the date of such termination, 
provided, however, that in no event shall this provision operate to extend 
the Option beyond the term/expiration date of such Option (and in no event 
will extend the term of the Option beyond ten (10) years from the date of 
grant), nor shall the unvested portion of the Option continue to vest 
during the six (6) month severance period; (iii) reimbursement for the cost 
of continued life insurance and health plan coverage for the Executive and 
his dependents for a period of six (6) months from the date of such 
termination of employment; provided, however, that (A) the Executive 
constitutes a qualified beneficiary, as defined in Section 4980B(g)(1) of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended  (the “Code”) and (B) 
Executive elects continuation coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus 
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (“COBRA”), within the time 
period prescribed pursuant to COBRA; and (iv) the portion of the projected 
Bonus for the fiscal year in which such termination of employment occurs 
accrued up to the date of termination as determined by the Compensation 
Committee in its sole discretion.

2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)  Voluntary Termination; Termination for Cause.  If the Executive’s 
employment with the Company terminates voluntarily by Executive (including 
a termination due to death or Disability) or for Cause by the Company, then 
(i) all vesting of all options to purchase the Common Stock of the Company 
and other equity awards will terminate immediately and all payments of 
compensation by the Company to Executive hereunder will terminate 
immediately (except as to amounts already earned) and (ii) Executive shall 
not receive any severance benefits or the continuation of any other 
benefits.

(c)  Change of Control.  In the event of a Change of Control that occurs 
prior to the second anniversary of the Effective Date, then, subject to 
Section 10, fifty percent (50%) of the shares subject to the Option shall 
become fully vested and exercisable.

7.  Section 409A.

(a)           Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, 
if Executive is a “specified employee” within the meaning of Section 409A 
of the Code and the final regulations and any other guidance promulgated 
thereunder (“Section 409A”) at the time of his termination, and the 
severance payable to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement, when 
considered together with any other severance payments or separation 
benefits which may be considered deferred compensation under Section 409A 
(together, the “Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits”) will not and 
could not under any circumstances, regardless of when such termination 
occurs, be paid in full by March 15 of the year following Executive’s 
termination, then only that portion of the Deferred Compensation Separation 
Benefits which do not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined below) may 
be made within the first six (6) months following Executive’s termination 
of employment in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each 
such payment or benefit.  For these purposes, each severance payment and 
benefit is hereby designated as a separate payment and will not 
collectively be treated as a single payment.  Any portion of the Deferred 
Compensation Separation Benefits in excess of the Section 409A Limit shall 
accrue and, to the extent such portion of the Deferred Compensation 
Separation Benefits would otherwise have been payable within the first six 
(6) months following Executive’s termination of employment, will become 
payable on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date six (6) 
months and one (1) day following the date of Executive’s termination of 
employment.  All subsequent Deferred Compensation Separation Benefits, if 
any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to 
each payment or benefit.
 
(b)           The foregoing provision is intended to comply with the 
requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and 
benefits to be provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax 
imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted 
to so comply.  The Company and Executive agree to work together in good 
faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable 
actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition 
of any additional tax or income recognition prior to actual payment to 
Executive under Section 409A.

(c)           For purposes of this Agreement, “Section 409A Limit” shall 
mean the lesser of two (2) times: (i) Executive’s annualized compensation 
based upon the annual rate of pay paid to Executive during the Company’s 
taxable year preceding the Company’s taxable year of Executive’s 
termination of employment as determined under Treasury Regulation 
1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)(1) and any Internal Revenue Service guidance issued 
with respect thereto; or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into 
account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Code 
for the year in which Executive’s employment is terminated.

8.  Definitions.

(a)  Cause.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Cause” is defined as (i) 
Executive engaging in knowing and intentional illegal conduct that is 
injurious to the Company; (ii) Executive’s conviction of, or plea of nolo 
contendere to, a felony; (iii) Executive’s gross misconduct; or (iv) 
Executive’s continued substantial violations of his employment duties after 
Executive has received a written demand for performance from the Company 
which specifically sets forth the factual basis for the Company’s belief 
that Executive has not substantially performed his duties.

3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)  Change of Control.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Change of 
Control” of the Company is defined as: (i) any “person” (as such term is 
used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended), is or becomes the “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 
under said Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company 
representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power 
represented by the Company’s then outstanding voting securities, except 
Gerald J. Burnett; or (ii) the date of the consummation of a merger or 
consolidation of the Company with any other corporation that has been 
approved by the shareholders of the Company, other than a merger or 
consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company 
outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by 
remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the 
surviving entity) more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power 
represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving 
entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation or the 
shareholders of the Company approve a plan of complete liquidation of the 
Company; or (iii) the date of the consummation of the sale or disposition 
by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets.

(c)  Disability.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Disability” means the 
inability of Executive, due to a physical or mental impairment, to perform 
the essential functions of the Executive’s position, with or without 
reasonable accommodation, for a period of ninety (90) days.  Whether 
Executive is disabled shall be determined by the Company based on evidence 
provided by one or more physicians selected by the Company.

(d)  Involuntary Termination.  For purposes of Section 6 of this Agreement, 
“Involuntary Termination” shall include termination of Executive’s 
employment by Executive within ninety (90) days after the occurrence of any 
of the following: (i) any material diminution in Executive’s authority, 
duties or responsibilities; (ii) any material diminution in Base Salary, 
other than a reduction that is consistent with an across-the-board 
reduction in the base compensation payable to other executive employees; 
and (iii) any material change in the geographic location at which Executive 
must perform services (in other words, the relocation of Executive to a 
principal work location that is more than fifty (50) miles from the 
Company’s location on the Effective Date), unless, in each case, such 
reduction or change is consented to in writing by Executive.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, before Executive’s termination of employment 
may be considered an Involuntary Termination, (A) Executive must provide 
the Company with written notice within ninety (90) days of the event that 
Executive believes constitutes an “Involuntary Termination” specifically 
identifying the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for an 
Involuntary Termination and (B) the Company must have an opportunity within 
thirty (30) days following delivery of such notice to cure the Involuntary 
Termination condition.

9.  Confidential Information.  Executive covenants that he has executed the 
Company’s standard Confidential Information and Invention Assignment 
Agreement (the “Confidential Information Agreement”) and such agreement is 
and shall remain in full force and effect upon the Effective Date.  
Executive further agrees to sign any future amendments to the Confidential 
Information Agreement provided that such amendment is also signed by a 
majority of the officers of the Company.
 
     10.   Conditional Nature of Severance Payments.
 
(a)  Noncompete.  Executive acknowledges that the nature of the Company’s 
business is such that if Executive were to become employed by, or 
substantially involved in, the business of a competitor of the Company 
during the six (6) months following the termination of Executive’s 
employment with the Company, it would be very difficult for Executive not 
to rely on or use the Company’s trade secrets and confidential information. 
 Thus, to avoid the inevitable disclosure of the Company’s trade secrets 
and confidential information, Executive agrees and acknowledges that 
Executive’s right to receive the severance payments set forth in Section 6 
(to the extent Executive is otherwise entitled to such payments) shall be 
conditioned upon Executive not directly or indirectly engaging in (whether 
as an employee, consultant, agent, proprietor, principal, partner, 
shareholder, corporate officer, director or otherwise), nor having any 
ownership interested in or participating in the financing, operation, 
management or control of, any person, firm, corporation or business that 
competes with Company or is a customer of the Company.  Upon any breach of 
this section, all severance payments pursuant to this Agreement shall 
immediately cease.

(b)  Non-Solicitation.  Until the date one (1) year after the termination 
of Executive’s employment with the Company for any reason, Executive agrees 
and acknowledges that Executive’s right to receive the severance payments 
set forth in Section 6 (to the extent Executive is otherwise entitled to 
such payments) shall be conditioned upon Executive not either directly or 
indirectly soliciting, inducing, attempting to hire, recruiting, 
encouraging, taking away, hiring any employee of the Company or causing an 
employee to leave his or her employment either for Executive or for any 
other entity or person.

4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c)  Consequences of Breach of Section 10(a) or 10(b).  Executive agrees 
and acknowledges that upon any breach by Executive of either Section 10(a) 
or 10(b) of this Agreement, the Company shall have the right to terminate 
all severance benefits set forth in this Agreement.

(d)  Understanding of Covenants.  Executive represents that he (i) is 
familiar with the foregoing covenants not to compete and not to solicit, 
and (ii) is fully aware of his obligations hereunder, including, without 
limitation, the reasonableness of the length of time, scope and geographic 
coverage of these covenants.

11.  Assignment.  This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit of (a) the heirs, executors and legal representatives of Executive 
upon Executive’s death and (b) any successor of the Company.  Any successor 
of the Company will be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms 
of this Agreement for all purposes. For this purpose, “successor” means any 
person, firm, corporation or other business entity which at any time, 
whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires 
all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company.  None of 
the rights of Executive to receive any form of compensation payable 
pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or 
the laws of descent and distribution.  Any other attempted assignment, 
transfer, conveyance or other disposition of Executive’s right to 
compensation or other benefits will be null and void.

12.  Notices.  All notices, requests, demands and other communications 
called for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (a) on 
the date of delivery if delivered personally; (b) one (1) day after being 
sent by a well established commercial overnight service; or (c) four (4) 
days after being mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt 
requested, prepaid and addressed to the parties or their successors at the 
following addresses, or at such other addresses as the parties may later 
designate in writing:

    If to the Company:

    Avistar Communications Corporation
    1875 South Grant Street, 10th Floor
    San Mateo, CA  94402
    Attn:  Chairman of the Board of Directors

    If to Executive:

    at the last residential address known by the Company.

13.  Severability.  In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is 
declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable 
or void, this Agreement will continue in full force and effect without said 
provision.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
        14.       Arbitration.
 
(a)  General.  In consideration of Executive’s service to the Company, its 
promise to arbitrate all employment related disputes and Executive’s 
receipt of the compensation, pay raises and other benefits paid to 
Executive by the Company, at present and in the future, Executive agrees 
that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including 
the Company and any employee, officer, director, shareholder or benefit 
plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, 
relating to, or resulting from Executive’s service to the Company under 
this Agreement or otherwise or the termination of Executive’s service with 
the Company, including any breach of this Agreement, will be subject to 
binding arbitration under the Arbitration Rules set forth in California 
Code of Civil Procedure Section 1280 through 1294.2, including Section 
1283.05 (the “Rules”) and pursuant to California law.  Disputes which 
Executive agrees to arbitrate, and thereby agrees to waive any right to a 
trial by jury, include any statutory claims under state or federal law, 
including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights 
Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit 
Protection Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the 
California Labor Code, claims of harassment, discrimination or wrongful 
termination and any statutory claims.  Executive further understands that 
this Agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company 
may have with Executive.
 
(b)  Procedure.  Executive agrees that any arbitration will be administered 
by the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (“JAMS”) and that a 
neutral arbitrator will be selected in a manner consistent with its 
National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes.  All arbitration 
proceedings shall be held in San Mateo County, California.  The arbitration 
proceedings will allow for discovery according to the rules set forth in 
the Employment Arbitration Rules andProcedures of JAMS (the “JAMS Rules”) 
or California Code of Civil Procedure.  Executive agrees that the 
arbitrator will have the power to decide any motions brought by any party 
to the arbitration, including motions for summary judgment and/or 
adjudication and motions to dismiss and demurrers, prior to any arbitration 
hearing.  Executive agrees that the arbitrator will issue a written 
decision on the merits.  Executive also agrees that the arbitrator will 
have the power to award any remedies, including attorneys’ fees and costs, 
available under applicable law.  Executive understands the Company will pay 
for any administrative or hearing fees charged by the arbitrator or JAMS 
except that with respect to any arbitration Executive initiates, Executive 
will pay the amount Executive would have otherwise been required to pay to 
file a claim in court.  Executive agrees that the arbitrator will 
administer and conduct any arbitration in a manner consistent with the 
Rules and that to the extent that the Rules conflict with the Rules, the 
Rules will take precedence.
 
(c)  Remedy. Except as provided by the Rules, arbitration will be the sole, 
exclusive and final remedy for any dispute between Executive and the 
Company.  Accordingly, except as provided for by the Rules, neither 
Executive nor the Company will be permitted to pursue court action 
regarding claims that are subject to arbitration.  Notwithstanding, the 
arbitrator will not have the authority to disregard or refuse to enforce 
any lawful Company policy, and the arbitrator will not order or require the 
Company to adopt a policy not otherwise required by law which the Company 
has not adopted.  The prevailing party in any arbitration proceeding shall 
be entitled to recover from the losing party all costs that it has incurred 
as a result of such proceeding, including but not limited to, all 
reasonable travel costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees.
 
(d)  Availability of Injunctive Relief.  In addition to the right under the 
Rules to petition the court for provisional relief, Executive agrees that 
any party may also petition the court for injunctive relief where either 
party alleges or claims a violation of this Agreement or the 
Confidentiality Agreement or any other agreement regarding trade secrets, 
confidential information, nonsolicitation or Labor Code §2870.  In the 
event either party seeks injunctive relief, the prevailing party will be 
entitled to recover reasonable costs and attorneys’ fees.
 
(e)  Administrative Relief.  Executive understands that this Agreement does 
not prohibit Executive from pursuing an administrative claim with a local, 
state or federal administrative body such as the Department of Fair 
Employment and Housing, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or the 
workers’ compensation board.  This Agreement does, however, preclude 
Executive from pursuing court action regarding any such claim.
 
(f)  Voluntary Nature of Agreement.  Executive acknowledges and agrees that 
Executive is executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or 
undue influence by the Company or anyone else. Executive further 
acknowledges and agrees that Executive has carefully read this Agreement 
and that Executive has asked any questions needed for Executive to 
understand the terms, consequences and binding effect of this Agreement and 
fully understands it, including that EXECUTIVE IS WAIVING EXECUTIVE’S RIGHT 
TO A JURY TRIAL.  Finally, Executive agrees that Executive has been 
provided an opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney of Executive’s 
choice before signing this Agreement.

15.  Integration.  This Agreement, together with the Company’s stock option 
plan, any stock option agreements and the Confidential Information 
Agreement represents the entire agreement and understanding between parties 
as to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous 
agreements whether written or oral.  No waiver, alteration, or modification 
of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding unless in 
writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties 
hereto.

6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
16.  Waiver of Breach.  The waiver of a breach of any term or provision of 
this Agreement, which must be in writing, will not operate as or be 
construed to be a waiver of any other previous or subsequent breach of this 
Agreement.

17.  Headings.  All captions and section headings used in this Agreement 
are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement.

18.  Tax Withholding.  All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be 
subject to withholding of applicable taxes.

19.  Governing Law.  This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the 
State of California (with the exception of its conflict of laws 
provisions).

20.  Acknowledgement.  Executive acknowledges that he has had the 
opportunity to discuss this matter with and obtain advice from his private 
attorney, has had sufficient time to, and has carefully read and fully 
understands all the provisions of this Agreement, and is knowingly and 
voluntarily entering into this Agreement.

21.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and 
each counterpart will have the same force and effect as an original and 
will constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the 
undersigned.

7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the 
case of the Company by their duly authorized officers, as of the day and 
year first above written.



COMPANY:

Avistar Communications Corporation

By:            /s/ Gerald J. Burnett                                        
                                 Date:                July 22, 2007         
                       
Gerald J. Burnett
Chairman of the Board of Directors


EXECUTIVE:


                  /s/ Simon Moss                                            
                   Date:              July 25, 2007                         
       
Simon Moss

8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

