 EX-10.4 5 a07-26059_1ex10d4.htm EX-10.4
Exhibit 10.4
 
LICENCE AGREEMENT
 
MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO BETWEEN:
 
THE CSIR
 
a statutory council, duly established under Act 46 of
1988, through its Operating Unit of Defence Peace
Safety & Security (DPSS) herein represented by
Andre Nepgen in his capacity as Executive Director
and he being duly authorised thereto
 
(hereinafter referred to as “the LICENSOR”)
 
and
 
FORCE PROTECTION TECHNOLOGIES INC.
(Registration No. Nevada C18478-2002)
 
a company incorporated under the laws of Nevada
with its principal place of business at 9801 Hwy 78,
Ladson, South Carolina 29456, United States of
America, herein represented by Mr. Gordon
McGilton in his capacity as President and he being
duly authorized thereto
 
(hereinafter referred to as “the LICENSEE”)
 
    WHEREAS:
     
    a)                                      the LICENSOR has developed
    technology for the protection of wheeled and tracked vehicles against
    landmines and improvised explosive devices (“IED’s”) (herein referred
    to as “the TECHNOLOGY”), which specifically means the invention forming
    the subject matter of the PATENT, and which is under the control of the
    LICENSOR at the COMMENCEMENT DATE of this agreement;
     
    b)                                     the LICENSEE is desirous of
    obtaining a licence from the LICENSOR to perform internal research and
    development (which rights extend to tests and assessment of the
    potential market for products utilizing the TECHNOLOGY at PROOF OF
    CONCEPT stage) and after PROOF OF CONCEPT to EXPLOIT the PATENT in the
    TERRITORY;
     
    c)                                      the PARTIES negotiated and
    reached agreement regarding the intellectual property rights to be
    licensed to the LICENSEE; the EXPLOITATION of the PATENT by the
    LICENSEE; and the consideration payable by the LICENSEE to the
    LICENSOR.
     
    NOW WHEREFORE the PARTIES hereby record their agreement as follows:
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
1.                                       PREAMBLE
 
    The PARTIES confirm the correctness of the preamble to this agreement,
    which forms an integral part thereof.
     
2.                                       SCOPE OF THIS AGREEMENT
 
        2.1                               This agreement sets out the terms
        for the granting of:
         
            2.1.1                      A fully paid up sole license
            (“License 1”) is granted to LICENSEE for internal use and
            development purposes. Under this License 1, the LICENSEE has
            the sole right (i.e. other than LICENSOR) to perform research
            and development, and/or conduct tests to verify, test or
            develop any aspect of the TECHNOLOGY and to assess the market
            for products utilizing the TECHNOLOGY at “Proof of Concept”
            stage. License 1 comes into effect upon satisfaction of the
            suspensive condition stipulated in clause 4 below and expires
            after 12 months or at PROOF OF CONCEPT, whichever comes
            earliest, unless extended in writing between the PARTIES.
             
            2.1.2                      Subject to the provisions of clause
            5, an exclusive license (Licence 2) will be granted to LICENSEE
            to EXPLOIT the PATENT in the TERRITORY. License 2 comes into
            effect upon the PARTIES agreeing in writing that PROOF OF
            CONCEPT has been attained.
             
        2.2                                The PARTIES enter into this
        agreement as independent contractors and nothing herein contained
        shall be interpreted as establishing a partnership or joint venture
        between the PARTIES.
         
        2.3                                Neither PARTY shall be entitled
        to present itself as the agent or representative of the other PARTY
        and neither PARTY shall enter into any agreement or incur any
        liability on behalf of the other PARTY, unless specifically
        authorised thereto.
         
3.                                      DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
 
        3.1                                In this agreement, unless
        inconsistent with or otherwise indicated by the context:
         
            3.1.1                       “COMMENCEMENT DATE” shall mean the
            date from which this agreement will be effective, being the
            date of fulfilment of the suspensive conditions as provided for
            in clause 4;
             
            3.1.2                      “EXPLOIT” shall mean the
            manufacture, marketing, sale, offer for sale, use and import of
            the PRODUCTS in commercial quantities through the application
            of the TECHNOLOGY by the LICENSEE, and “EXPLOITATION” and
            “EXPLOITING” shall have corresponding meanings;
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            3.1.3                      “PARTIES” shall mean the LICENSOR
            and the LICENSEE, respectively, and “PARTY” shall have a
            corresponding meaning;
             
            3.1.4                      “PATENT” shall mean LICENSOR’s
            “Track and wheel protection against landmines” patent as
            described in PCT Patent Application PCT/IB2004/001717, and all
            subsequent patent applications in the TERRITORY dependent on
            this patent application or deriving priority from this patent
            application, all patents issued in the TERRITORY from any of
            the foregoing applications, and all reissues and extensions of
            any such patents.
             
            3.1.5                      “PRODUCTS” shall mean a wheel or
            track that incorporates or employs the TECHNOLOGY in any way.
             
            3.1.6                      “PROOF OF CONCEPT” shall mean test
            piece manufacture of part of a wheel and/or a complete wheel,
            the testing of such test pieces, and/or the quantification or
            demonstration of the level of protection provided to
            demonstrate the principle of operation of the TECHNOLOGY, but
            does not include optimization of a prototype or the
            determination of the limits of protection performance;
             
            3.1.7                       “ROYALTY YEAR” shall mean a period
            of 12 (twelve) calendar months, starting on the first day of
            April of each calendar year;
             
            3.1.8                      “SALES” shall mean sales of the
            PRODUCT by the LICENSEE or any of its affiliates, partners,
            sub-contractors or the like, to a third party and shall include
            PRODUCTS sold, rented, leased or otherwise exchanged for value
            and such PRODUCTS employ the TECHNOLOGY as part of the design;
            or rendering of commercial services using the TECHNOLOGY in any
            manner.
             
            3.1.9                      “TECHNOLOGY” shall mean processes,
            know-how and technologies pertaining to the protection of
            wheeled and tracked vehicles against landmines and IED’s as
            disclosed and claimed in the PATENT.
             
            3.1.10                “TERRITORY” shall mean, for purposes of
            License 2, the United States of America, its territories and
            possessions (“USA”), Canada, the United Kingdom (“UK”), France,
            Germany, Israel and the Republic of South Africa (“RSA”), or as
            amended from time to time in terms of the provisions of this
            agreement.
             
        3.2                                 In this agreement, unless the
        context otherwise indicates:
         
            3.2.1                       the headings to clauses of this
            agreement are inserted for reference purposes only and shall in
            no way govern or affect the interpretation thereof;
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            3.2.2                      any annexures to this agreement form
            an integral part hereof and words and expressions defined in
            this agreement shall, unless the context otherwise requires,
            bear the same meaning in such schedules;
             
            3.2.3                      unless the context clearly indicates
            a contrary intention, words importing the singular shall
            include the plural and vice versa;
             
            3.2.4                      reference to any one gender shall
            include the other gender and any reference to a natural person
            shall include a legal persona and vice versa;
             
            3.2.5                      where the day on or by which
            anything is to be done is not a business day, it shall be done
            on or by the first day thereafter;
             
            3.2.6                       any number of days is prescribed in
            this agreement, these shall be reckoned as calendar days,
            exclusively of the first, inclusively of the last day, unless
            the last day falls on a weekend or on a public holiday, in
            which case the last day shall be the next succeeding day which
            is not a weekend or a public holiday.
             
4.                                       SUSPENSIVE CONDITIONS
 
        4.1                               This Agreement is subject to the
        following suspensive condition:
         
            4.1.1                      That all approvals required by the
            South African Reserve Bank for the rights granted in terms of
            this agreement are obtained within 6 (six) months from the date
            of signature of this agreement. The date of fulfilment of the
            suspensive condition, shall be the COMMENCEMENT DATE of this
            agreement.
             
            4.1.2                      The suspensive condition is
            established for the benefit of the LICENSOR, and no waiver of
            the suspensive condition or any part thereof shall be binding,
            unless similarly reduced to writing and signed by the PARTIES.
             
            4.1.3                      Should the suspensive conditions not
            be fulfilled within the specified time period, or any mutually
            agreed written extension thereof, this agreement shall be null
            and void ab initio, and no obligations shall lie reciprocally
            between the PARTIES, save for the LICENSEE being required to
            immediately return all matter relating to the TECHNOLOGY and
            the intellectual property of the LICENSOR, which may have been
            delivered to LICENSEE by LICENSOR.
             
5.                                       LICENCED RIGHTS
 
        5.1                               The LICENSOR hereby grants to the
        LICENSEE License 1 as provided for in clause 2.1.1.
         
        5.2                               The LICENSOR hereby grants to the
        LICENSEE, subject to PROOF OF CONCEPT, License 2 as set out in
        clause 2.1.2, being:
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            5.2.1                        an exclusive licence to EXPLOIT
            the PATENT in the USA, Canada, the UK, France, Germany and
            Israel; and
             
            5.2.2                        a non-exclusive licence to EXPLOIT
            the PATENT in the RSA
             
        subject to the terms and conditions as set out in this agreement.
         
        5.3                               The license allows for the
        manufacturing and sale of PRODUCTS in any country forming part of
        the TERRITORY, save for the RSA where any PRODUCTS sold must also
        be at least manufactured in part, or assembled, in the RSA. Export
        by or for LICENSEE of PRODUCTS from a country in the TERRITORY to a
        country outside the TERRITORY shall be subject to the prior written
        approval of LICENSOR and such approval shall only be denied in the
        event that:
         
            5.3.1                      LICENSOR has granted exclusive
            rights in that country to a third party with respect to the
            PATENT or the TECHNOLOGY and such third party’s rights may be
            infringed by LICENSEE’s intended export to that country, or
             
            5.3.2                      Statutory or regulatory restriction
            on defence-related technology supply to the specific country
            outside the TERRITORY prevents such exports.
             
        5.4                               Should the LICENSEE fail to
        achieve a consistent level of sales as set out in the table below
        (“the minimum royalty”) through the application of the TECHNOLOGY
        and fail to pay over to the LICENSOR the balance between actual
        sales achieved and the specific minimum royalty fee, the LICENSOR
        shall have the right to, in its sole discretion, convert the
        exclusive nature of License 2 for a specific country in the
        TERRITORY as provided for in 5.2.1 to a non-exclusive license, or
        terminate the license.
 
Countries forming part of the
TERRITORY
 
Minimum royalty payments to retain
exclusivity
USA
Canada
 
US$ 100 000 in year 1 of the Licence
US$ 120 000 in year 2 of the Licence
US$ 150 000 per annum thereafter
UK
France
Germany
 
US$ 100 000 total by end of year 2
US$ 100 000 in year 3 of the Licence
US$ 120 000 per annum thereafter
Israel
 
US$ 50 000 in year 1 of the Licence
US$ 100 000 per annum thereafter
South Africa
 
No minimum royalty fee due to non-exclusivity of the licence
 
            5.4.1                      For the first 3 (three) years after
            the COMMENCEMENT DATE, royalty payments from any one country in
            the TERRITORY in excess of that country’s minimum royalty
            payment, may be calculated towards the
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            minimum royalty payment of any other country in the TERRITORY
            where the minimum royalty payment has not been attained in that
            ROYALTY YEAR. Thereafter, each country’s minimum royalty must
            be attained from sales in that country in order to maintain
            exclusivity of this licence.
             
        5.5                                 The LICENSOR is entitled to
        call from time to time for information on the endeavours being made
        by the LICENSEE and is entitled on reasonable notice and by
        appointment to enter the premises of the LICENSEE to inspect work
        being done and to receive information in reply to any relevant
        inquiry made by it.
         
        5.6                                 On the termination of this
        agreement:
         
            (i)                                   The LICENSEE must do all
            things reasonably required by the LICENSOR to protect its
            rights, titles and interests in the PATENT and other
            intellectual property owned by LICENSOR;
             
            (ii)                                All improvements made to
            the TECHNOLOGY by either PARTY and which form the subject of
            any claim in a patent or patent application anywhere in the
            world that is dependent on the PATENT, and/or any investments
            made by LICENSOR in the course thereof, will remain the
            property of the LICENSOR and the LICENSEE may make no claim in
            respect of them;
             
            (iii)                             or at any time before such
            termination at the request of the LICENSOR, the LICENSEE must
            promptly return to the LICENSOR:
             
                (a)                                  all specifications,
                samples, drawing, films, pamphlets, catalogues, advertising
                material and other materials, documents and papers of any
                nature sent to the LICENSEE by the LICENSOR relating to the
                TECHNOLOGY or the business of the LICENSOR (other than
                correspondence between the PARTIES) which the LICENSEE may
                have in its possession or under its control; and
                 
                (b)                                 a copy of separate
                books of account and records relating to the licence kept
                in accordance with clause 11 suitable for the purpose of
                LICENSOR keeping record of the parties and countries whom
                PRODUCTS were sold to. For the avoidance of doubt it is
                specifically recorded that this provision 5.6 (iii) (b)
                does not include the original records and books of the
                LICENSEE but pertains to copies of records required to be
                kept for regulatory and statutory purposes.
                 
        5.7                               Within 30 days after the date on
        which termination of this agreement takes effect, the LICENSEE
        must, at its own cost, promptly return to the LICENSOR or otherwise
        dispose of as the LICENSOR instructs, those of the PRODUCTS and
        specifications and any parts which the LICENSEE may have in its
        possession or under its control and which are the property of the
        LICENSOR.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        5.8                               If, on termination of this
        agreement, LICENSEE has PRODUCTS in stock that are the property of
        LICENSEE or a LICENSEE customer, LICENSEE may sell or deliver, as
        the case may be, such PRODUCTS in the TERRITORY within 12 (twelve)
        months after such termination provided LICENSEE pays to LICENSOR
        applicable royalties under clause 9.3.
         
6.                                      TITLE TO THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
 
        6.1                               The LICENSEE acknowledges that
        all right, title and interest in and to the PATENT vests in the
        LICENSOR and that it has no claim of any nature in and to the
        PATENT or any other intellectual property owned by LICENSOR. The
        LICENSEE shall not at any time during or after termination or
        cancellation of this agreement dispute the validity or
        enforceability of such rights or of the PATENT, or cause to be done
        any act contesting or in any way impairing or tending to impair any
        part of that right, title and interest in the PATENT and shall not
        counsel or assist any other person to do so.
         
            6.1.1                      LICENSOR will have first right of
            refusal to patent an improvements made by LICENSEE to the
            TECHNOLOGY at its own cost, in those countries forming part of
            the TERRITORY where LICENSEE has EXPLOITATION rights. LICENSOR
            shall grant LICENSEE an exclusive royalty-free licence under
            such patents in all countries in the TERRITORY except RSA and a
            non-exclusive, royalty-free licence in RSA on condition that
            LICENSEE contributes 50% (fifty per cent) of the bona fide
            patenting expenses in each such country where a royalty-free
            licence is granted. In the event that LICENSOR elects not to
            apply for or to maintain patents in the TERRITORY on
            improvements made by LICENSEE, then LICENSEE may apply for, own
            and maintain such patents.
             
            6.1.2                      LICENSOR will own all improvements
            made by it. Such improvements made by LICENSOR and related
            patents will, subject to any statutory or regulatory approvals
            required be licensed to LICENSEE in the TERRITORY, subject to
            the terms of this agreement including the royalty provisions,
            provided the PARTIES are able to agree on the minimum royalty
            payable in respect of the licence to such improvements.
             
        6.2                                The LICENSOR does, however,
        grant the LICENSEE the right, where and when necessary, to modify
        the TECHNOLOGY for its specific needs and applications subject to
        the following conditions:
         
            6.2.1                      Such modifications of the TECHNOLOGY
            will not remove any obligations or benefits of the LICENSOR and
            LICENSEE in terms of this agreement.
             
            6.2.2                      The LICENSEE will provide the
            LICENSOR with copies or drawings of the final TECHNOLOGY for
            each case.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
7.                                      DELIVERY OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
 
    It is recorded that the LICENSOR has simultaneously with the signing of
    this agreement, delivered to the LICENSEE one current copy of the
    PATENT LICENSEE acknowledges that it is fully acquainted with the
    TECHNOLOGY and the PATENT and need no further information or assistance
    from LICENSOR to be able to EXPLOIT the PATENT.
     
8.                                      OBLIGATIONS ON LICENSEE
 
    The LICENSEE undertakes to use its best endeavours to EXPLOIT the
    PATENT by means of manufacturing and selling of PRODUCTS based on the
    TECHNOLOGY to create and satisfy the market for the PRODUCTS throughout
    the TERRITORY to the extent of at least meeting minimum royalty
    payments to LICENSOR as provided for in clause 5.4.
     
9.                                      ROYALTIES AND MARKET REPORTS
 
        9.1                               In consideration for the rights
        granted to it in terms of License 1, the LICENSEE shall invest
        capital and resources equal to a minimum of US$500,000.00 (five
        hundred thousand United States dollars) to test and develop the
        TECHNOLOGY, calculated from 1 January 2005, the PARTIES hereby
        recording that the LICENSEE has prior to the COMMENCEMENT DATE
        invested in development and research in the technical field covered
        by the TECHNOLOGY, which the LICENSOR shall receive the benefit of.
         
        9.2                               In consideration for the rights
        granted to it in terms of License 2 as per clause 5.2.1, the
        LICENSEE shall pay the LICENSOR a once-off exclusivity fee in the
        amount of US$200,000.00 (two hundred thousand United States
        dollars), which amount shall be paid in accordance with clause
        9.2.1 as of date of first SALES achieved provided that the full
        amount is paid on or before the third anniversary of the
        COMMENCEMENT DATE of this agreement or the date of termination of
        this agreement, whichever comes soonest, whether any SALES have
        been achieved or not.
         
            9.2.1                      The once-off exclusivity fee
            provided for in this clause 9.2 shall be paid as a “double
            royalty”, which the PARTIES agree is an additional amount or
            amounts equal to and under similar payment frequency as the
            royalties payable in terms of clause 3 hereafter.
             
        9.3                                 As from the date on which any
        SALES of the PRODUCTS are achieved, the LICENSEE shall further pay
        the LICENSOR a royalty equivalent to:
         
            •                                         US$250.00 (two
            hundred and fifty United States dollars) per PRODUCT sold by or
            for LICENSEE in any country if the applicable PRODUCT is a
            wheel, and
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            •                                         US$1,000 (one
            thousand United States dollars) per PRODUCT sold by or for
            LICENSEE in any country if the applicable PRODUCT is a vehicle
            track.
             
        The aforesaid royalty shall be paid for the life of the PATENT in
        any country in the TERRITORY, regardless of the royalty’s country
        of origin in the TERRITORY.
         
        LICENSEE may deduct from such royalty payments a pro rata portion
        of:
         
            •                                         Bona fide trade or
            quantity discounts that are standard in the industry and that
            are given with respect to such SALES, and
             
            •                                         Sales, tariff,
            import, export or excise duties or taxes imposed on such SALES
            and paid by LICENSEE in circumstances where it cannot be
            accounted to the end user.
             
            9.3.1                       For the purpose of clause 9.3,
            PRODUCTS are sold when shipped or invoiced, whichever occurs
            first.
             
            9.3.2                       If this agreement is terminated for
            any reason during a ROYALTY YEAR then, for the purpose of this
            clause, the date of termination will be regarded the end of
            that ROYALTY YEAR.
             
        9.4                               The PARTIES shall, in good faith,
        review the royalty after a period of 2 (two) years from the
        COMMENCEMENT DATE in order to, for example, agree on
        inflation-driven adjustments if needed.
         
        9.5                               The LICENSEE shall within 30
        (thirty) days after the end of each ROYALTY YEAR provide the
        LICENSOR with a statement of all sales of the PRODUCT for that
        ROYALTY YEAR, together with the LICENSEE’s payment in respect of
        royalties due to the LICENSOR. Such a statement shall include the
        number of PRODUCTS manufactured and the number sold for each month
        during the year and an enumeration of any deductions from the
        royalty.
         
        9.6                               Within 60 (sixty) days of the end
        of the LICENSEE’s financial year, the LICENSEE shall deliver to the
        LICENSOR an audited statement in respect of all sales of the
        PRODUCTS for the previous ROYALTY YEAR. Such audited statement
        shall be accompanied by payment to the LICENSOR of any shortfall in
        respect of royalties due to the LICENSOR. Any overpayment in
        respect of royalties shall be deducted from the royalties due to
        the LICENSOR for the next ROYALTY YEAR.
         
10.                                 LIABILITY FOR INTEREST ON LATE PAYMENTS
 
        10.1                           All amounts which the LICENSEE is
        required to pay to the LICENSOR in terms of this Agreement and
        which are not paid on due date shall bear interest at the
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        prime overdraft rate charged by ABSA Bank Ltd. from time to time to
        its preferred clients.
         
        10.2                          The said interest shall be calculated
        and compounded monthly in advance from the due date to date of
        payment.
         
        10.3                          The LICENSOR’s rights to charge
        interest on outstanding amounts shall not detract from any other
        rights that the LICENSOR may have in terms of this agreement.
         
11.                                ACCOUNTING RECORDS
 
        11.1                         The LICENSEE shall keep full, true and
        accurate books of account and records in accordance with generally
        accepted accounting practice containing all particulars that may be
        necessary for the purpose showing the amount of royalties payable
        to the LICENSOR in terms of this agreement. Such books of account
        and records shall be kept at the premises where the LICENSEE’s
        business is carried on.
         
        11.2                         The LICENSEE shall permit the LICENSOR
        at any time during business hours, but not more frequently than
        once in each ROYALTY YEAR, to have a representative of the
        LICENSOR’s selection, provided than he/she is a qualified chartered
        accountant or lawyer and is reasonably acceptable to LICENSEE,
        examine all of the aforementioned books of account and records
        (including information stored in computer readable form) and to
        take copies of all such documents, books and records to determine
        whether all appropriate accounting of royalties hereunder and
        payments thereof have been made. The representative shall retain
        all information examined or copied in confidence and shall disclose
        to LICENSOR only the accuracy of the payments made under this
        Agreement. The examination may only consider books and records for
        transactions that occurred three years or less before the date of
        such examination.
         
        11.3                         The records and documentation required
        by this clause 11 must be kept by the LICENSEE for 3 years from the
        termination of this agreement. LICENSOR may conduct one examination
        under clause 11.2 within 90 (ninety) days after termination of this
        agreement.
         
12.                                WARRANTIES BY THE LICENSOR
 
        12.1                           The LICENSOR warrants and represents
        that:
         
            12.1.1                it is free to grant the licence conferred
            by this agreement;
             
            12.1.2                that it is the owner of the PATENT but
            does not warrant the validity and/or merchantability thereof to
            produce or market the PRODUCTS, nor that the PRODUCTS will
            obtain any regulatory approval that may be required, the
            LICENSOR hereby expressly excluding any other warranties,
            whether implied or by law.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
13.                                CONFIDENTIALITY
 
        13.1                         The PARTIES undertake to maintain the
        confidentiality of all of the information imparted to each other
        pursuant to this agreement, including the TECHNOLOGY. Neither PARTY
        may divulge, or permit to be divulged to any person any aspect of
        such confidential information otherwise than for the purposes of
        this agreement.
         
        13.2                         The LICENSEE shall use the information
        imparted to it for the EXPLOITATION of the TECHNOLOGY pursuant to
        this agreement and for no other purposes.
         
        13.3                         If LICENSEE uses any proprietary
        technology or know-how of any third party other than that licensed
        to the LICENSEE by this agreement in the manufacture of the
        PRODUCTS without the prior written consent of the LICENSOR, which
        consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, the use of such third
        party technology and know-how shall not have any effect on the
        royalties payable to the LICENSOR in terms of Clause 9 above.
         
14.                                INFRINGEMENT
 
        14.1                         If during the currency in force of
        this agreement any infringement or illegal use of the TECHNOLOGY or
        the PATENT in the TERRITORY by any third party should come to the
        attention of the LICENSEE, then and in such event the LICENSEE
        shall notify the LICENSOR of such infringement or illegal use.
         
        14.2                         It shall be within the discretion of
        the LICENSOR to determine what steps shall be taken against an
        infringer and the LICENSEE shall co-operate fully with the LICENSOR
        in whatever measures, including legal action, are taken to bring
        any infringement or illegal use to an end.
         
        14.3                         Any amount of damages awarded in, or
        license income derived from, such action as contemplated in 14.2
        above shall, after deduction of all legal costs incurred and which
        could be shown to the satisfaction of the LICENSOR as not having
        been recovered from the infringing party, be payable to the
        LICENSEE, which amount shall be reflected as income from SALES in
        the next ROYALTY YEAR statement as contemplated in Clause 9.6
        above, and royalty payable on this amount shall be calculated by
        using the average sales price of PRODUCTS in the ROYALTY YEAR to
        determine the equivalent number of PRODUCTS.
         
        14.4                         Should the LICENSOR refuse to
        institute action as contemplated in 14.2 above, the LICENSEE may
        after indemnifying the LICENSOR against any costs, bring any
        proceedings of whatever nature arising out of the infringement or
        illegal use of the PATENT or the TECHNOLOGY with the prior written
        consent of the LICENSOR, which consent shall not be unreasonably
        withheld. LICENSOR will cooperate in any such action, including
        being named as a party if necessary to permit the action to
        proceed.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        14.5                         The LICENSEE shall be entitled to any
        damages awarded in or license income derived from proceedings
        instituted in terms of Clause 14.4.
         
15.                                CESSION AND ASSIGNMENT
 
    The rights and obligations of the LICENSEE are personal and may not be
    ceded, assigned, let or otherwise disposed of in any manner whatsoever
    without the prior written consent of the LICENSOR, provided, however,
    that LICENSEE may assign this agreement and the rights granted herein,
    subject to South African regulatory approval and approval by the
    LICENSOR which approval shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed,
    to a third party who acquires substantially all of LICENSEE’S assets
    associated with practice under this agreement.
     
16.                                SUBLICENSING OR SUBCONTRACTING
 
    The LICENSEE shall not have the right to grant sub-licenses in any
    country in the world under this agreement without prior written consent
    from the LICENSOR who may not withhold consent unreasonably, and which
    consent shall in any event be subject to obtaining any required
    statutory or regulatory approvals and the terms relating to royalty
    payments as provided for in this agreement.
     
17.                                INDEMNITY AND LIABILITY
 
        17.1                         The LICENSEE shall indemnify the
        LICENSOR against all claims of whatsoever nature and provide
        guarantees to LICENSOR to that effect, which may be made against it
        arising out of the EXPLOITATION by LICENSEE of the PATENT or the
        TECHNOLOGY or the manufacture, sale or use of PRODUCTS.
         
        17.2                         Any claims for damages that may be
        instituted by LICENSEE against the LICENSOR in terms of this
        agreement, shall be limited to an amount equal to the actual amount
        of direct damages, or the aggregate amount of all payments made to
        the LICENSOR under the terms of this agreement, whichever is the
        least. This maximum liability shall be an aggregate liability for
        all claims howsoever arising, whether by contract, in delict or
        otherwise. Neither PARTY shall be liable to the other for any
        consequential or indirect damages arising from this agreement.
         
18.                                FORCE MAJEURE
 
        18.1                         A PARTY is not liable for a failure to
        perform any of its obligations under this agreement insofar as it
        proves:
         
            18.1.1                that the failure was due to an impediment
            beyond its control;
             
            18.1.2                that it could not reasonably be expected
            to have taken the impediment and its effects upon the party’s
            ability to perform into account at the time of the conclusion
            of the contract; and
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            18.1.3                 that it could not reasonably have
            avoided or overcome the impediment or at least its effects.
             
        18.2                           An impediment in Clause 18.1 may
        result from events such as the following, this enumeration not
        being exhaustive:
         
            18.2.1                 war, whether declared or not, civil war,
            civil violence, riots and revolution, acts of piracy, acts of
            sabotage;
             
            18.2.2                natural disasters such as violent storms,
            cyclones, earthquakes, tidal waves, floods, destruction by
            lightning;
             
            18.2.3                 explosions, fire, destruction of
            machines, of factories and of any kind of installations;
             
            18.2.4                boycotts, strikes and lock-outs of all
            kinds, go-slows, occupation of factories and premises, and work
            stoppages;
             
            18.2.5                acts of authority, whether lawful of
            unlawful, apart from acts for which the party seeking relief
            has assumed the risk by virtue of any other provisions of this
            agreement and apart from the matters mentioned in Clause 18.3.
             
        18.3                          For the purposes of Clause 18.1,
        “impediment” does not include lack of authorisations, of licenses,
        or permits or of regulatory or other approvals necessary in any
        country in the TERRITORY for the performance of this licence.
         
        18.4                          Relief from liability for
        non-performance by reason of the provisions of Clause 18 shall
        commence on the date upon which the PARTY seeking relief gives
        notice of the impediment relied upon and shall terminate upon the
        date upon which such impediment ceases to exist; provided that if
        such impediment continues for a period of more than 6 (six) Months
        either PARTY shall be entitled to terminate this agreement by
        written notice to the other PARTY.
         
19.                                DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND GOVERNING LAW
 
        19.1                         In the event of any dispute arising
        between the PARTIES as a result of this agreement, the dispute will
        be referred to the executive management of the respective PARTIES
        to attempt to resolve the dispute. The executive management of the
        PARTIES have the option to agree on mutually acceptable mediation
        or arbitration proceedings, failing which the dispute will be
        subject to Clause 19.2 below.
         
        19.2                         This agreement shall be governed by
        and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Republic of
        South Africa and any dispute arising therefrom shall be adjudicated
        by a competent high court in South Africa to which exclusive
        jurisdiction the PARTIES hereby agree (unless otherwise agreed to
        between the PARTIES at the time).
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        19.3                         The provisions of this Clause 19 shall
        survive termination of this agreement.
         
20.                                CANCELLATION
 
        20.1                         Should a PARTY be in breach of any of
        the terms or conditions hereof and fail to remedy such breach
        within 30 (thirty) days after the receipt of written notice, then
        the aggrieved PARTY shall be entitled at such PARTY’s option to
        institute proceedings immediately for enforcement of the terms of
        this agreement, or alternatively and without further notice to
        declare this agreement cancelled; all of which may be done without
        prejudice to any claim the aggrieved PARTY may have for damages
        arising from breach of contract or any other cause.
         
        20.2                           Any PARTY may terminate this
        agreement at any time by giving to the other (“the defaulting
        PARTY”) notice of such termination if:
         
            20.2.1                the defaulting PARTY is, other than for
            the purposes of reconstruction or amalgamation, placed under
            voluntary or compulsory liquidation or under judicial
            management or under receivership or under the equivalent of any
            of the foregoing;
             
            20.2.2                 a final and unappeasable judgement
            against the defaulting PARTY remains unsatisfied for a period
            of 30 (thirty) days or more after it comes to the notice of the
            management of the defaulting PARTY;
             
            20.2.3                the defaulting PARTY makes any
            arrangement or compromise with its creditors generally, or
            ceases, or threatens to cease, to carry on business.
             
        20.3                         Any termination of this agreement
        shall not absolve the PARTIES from the obligation to observe the
        confidentiality measures and other restraints as set out herein.
         
        20.4                         LICENSEE may terminate or cancel this
        agreement without cause at any time upon 60-days advance written
        notice to LICENSOR. In such event, the exclusivity fee payable
        under Clause 9.2 above shall remain fully payable regardless of the
        timing of the termination by LICENSEE, and the minimum royalties
        for each ROYALTY YEAR up to such termination will also be payable
        under Clauses 5.4 and 9.3.2 above.
         
21.                                WHOLE AGREEMENT
 
        21.1                         This document constitutes the whole of
        the agreement (to the exclusion of all else) between the PARTIES
        relating to the subject matter hereof, and also supersedes all
        previous agreements pertaining to the same subject matter, whether
        written or otherwise, between the PARTIES.
         
        21.2                         No amendment, alteration, addition,
        variation or consensual cancellation of this document will be valid
        unless in writing and signed by the PARTIES.
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
22.                                WAIVER
 
        22.1                         No waiver of any of the terms or
        conditions of this agreement will be binding for any purpose unless
        expressed in writing and signed by the PARTY giving the same and
        any such waiver will be effective only in the specific instance and
        for the purpose given.
         
        22.2                         No failure or delay on the part of
        either PARTY in exercising any right, power or privilege will
        operate as a waiver, nor will any single or partial exercise of any
        right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise
        thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
         
23.                                DOMICILIUM AND NOTICES
 
    The PARTIES hereby choose domicilium citandi et executandi for all
    purposes in terms hereof as follows:
     
    The CSIR,
    The Executive Director:
    Defence, Peace, Safety & Security,
    Meiring Naude Road,
    Scientia,
    Pretoria, 0002
     
    FORCE PROTECTION TECHNOLOGIES INC,
    The President
    Force Protection Technologies Inc
    9801 Highway 78
    Ladson
    South Carolina 29456
     
        23.1                         Either PARTY shall be entitled to
        change its domicilium citandi et executandi by giving written
        notice thereof to the other, provided that such change shall not
        take effect until receipt by the other PARTY of such notice.
         
        23.2                         All notices to be given by hand by the
        PARTIES to each other in terms hereof shall be given to the
        aforesaid addresses by delivery thereto, or if by posting by
        prepaid registered mail, or by telefax to the following addresses:
         
    The CSIR
    P O Box 395
    Pretoria
    0001
    Fax No. :+ 27 12 841-3803
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    FORCE PROTECTION TECHNOLOGIES INC
    VP: Legal Affairs
    9801 Highway 78
    Ladson
    SC 29456
    United States of America
    Fax No. :  (+1) 843 553-1311
     
24.                                 NOTICES
 
        24.1                         All notices in terms of this agreement
        shall be in writing addressed to the chosen address of the PARTY
        and shall be sent by prepaid registered post or courier, or shall
        be physically delivered, or shall be sent by facsimile to the
        numbers as set out in Clause 23 above (or to any replacement
        number), provided that proof of delivery can be provided.
         
        24.2                         Posted and couriered notices shall be
        deemed to have been received on the 5th business day following
        posting.
         
25.                                SEVERABILITY
 
    In the event that any of the provision of this agreement are found to
    be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, such terms shall be severable
    from the remaining  terms, which shall continue to be valid and
    enforceable.
     
26.                                COSTS
 
    Each PARTY shall bear its own costs in regard to the negotiations and
    finalisation of this license agreement.
     
Signed at Pretoria  on this 6th day of July  2007.
 
As witnesses:
 
 
 
1.
/s/ illegible
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.
/s/ illegible
 
/s/ J. Strydan
 
 
 
For CSIR
 
 
Signed at Charleston, S.C. on this 29th day of May 2007.
 
As witnesses:
 
 
 
1.
/s/ Raymond Pollard
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.
/s/ John Wall III____
 
/s/ Gordon R. McGilton
 
 
 
For FORCE PROTECTION
TECHNOLOGIES INC.
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------