 EX-10.3 10 v092868_ex10-3.htm
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
This COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of 
September 4, 2007, is entered into by and between Conversion Services 
International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“CSI”), and TAG Virgin 
Islands, Inc., with an address at The Tunick Building, 1336 Beltjen Road, 
Suite 202, St. Thomas, USVI 00802 as agent for the purchasers listed on the 
Schedule of Purchasers appended hereto as Schedule I  (the “Purchasers”).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Purchasers desire to purchase and acquire, and CSI desires to 
issue and sell to the Purchasers, shares of common stock, par value $0.001 
(the “Common Stock”) of CSI and issue warrants to purchase Common Stock in 
the form attached as Exhibit A hereto (the “Warrants”) as set forth on the 
Schedule of Purchasers; and
 
WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to enter into this Agreement.
 
AGREEMENT
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants 
contained in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto 
agree as follows:
 
1. Sale of Common Stock; Issuance of Warrants; Registration Rights.
 
1.1  Sale and Issuance of Common Stock. Subject to the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement, at the Closing, CSI will sell and issue to the 
Purchasers, and the Purchasers will purchase from CSI, an aggregate of 
1,140,000 shares of Common Stock (the “Shares”) at the purchase price of 
$0.21 per share for an aggregate purchase price of $239,400, as set forth 
on the Schedule of Purchasers.
 
1.2  Issuance of Warrants. The Company shall issue to the Purchasers the 
Warrants to purchase, subject to applicable anti-dilution provisions, an 
aggregate of 1,140,000 shares of Common Stock at $0.22 per share until 
September 3, 2012 as set forth on the Schedule of Purchasers, subject to 
the compliance with applicable securities laws.
 
1.3     Registration Rights Agreement. As additional consideration for the 
Purchasers agreeing to purchase the Shares and acquire the Warrants, CSI 
will enter into the Registration Rights Agreement with the Purchasers in 
the form appended hereto as Exhibit B.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
2.  Closing.
 
2.1  Closing Date. The purchase and sale of the Shares and the Warrants 
hereunder shall take place at a closing (the “Closing”), which shall be 
held at such time and place upon which CSI and the Purchasers shall agree.
 
2.2  Actions by CSI at the Closing. CSI shall deliver to each Purchaser a 
stock certificate or certificates for the Shares and the Warrants, 
registered in the name of such Purchaser and the executed Registration 
Rights Agreement.
 
2.3      Actions by the Purchasers at the Closing. The Purchasers shall 
deliver to CSI the $239,400 purchase price for the Shares and the Warrants.
 
3.   Representations and Warranties of CSI. CSI hereby represents and 
warrants to the Purchasers that:

3.1  Organization; Good Standing; Qualification and Corporate Power.

(a)  CSI and each of its subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized, 
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of 
incorporation and has all requisite corporate power and authority to carry 
on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted. CSI and 
each of its subsidiaries is duly qualified to transact business and is in 
good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure so to qualify would 
have a material adverse effect on its business or properties. True and 
correct copies of CSI Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the "
Certificate of Incorporation") and Bylaws have been provided to the 
Purchasers or made available via the SEC EDGAR website.

(b)  CSI has all requisite legal and corporate power and authority to 
execute and deliver this Agreement, to issue the Shares and the Warrants 
and to carry out and perform its obligations under the terms of this 
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and 
thereby. All necessary corporate action has been taken by CSI with respect 
to the execution, delivery and performance by CSI of this Agreement and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The 
Shares, when issued in accordance pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, 
will be legally issued, fully paid and non assessable and each Purchaser 
will own the Shares purchased by such Purchaser, free and clear of all 
liens and encumbrances. The Warrant, when issued in accordance with the 
terms of the Agreement, will constitute the legally binding obligation of 
CSI in accordance with its terms.

3.2  Capitalization and Voting Rights. The authorized capital of the 
Company consists of:

(a) Common Stock. 200,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 75,637,792 
shares are issued and outstanding as of the date hereof. The Common Stock 
is currently accepted for trading on the American Stock Exchange.
 
-2-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b) Preferred Stock. 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock (the "Preferred 
Stock"), of which, as of the date hereof, an aggregate of 39,000 shares are 
issued and outstanding, 19,000 as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and 
20,000 as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock.

3.3  Subsidiaries; Interests of the Company. Except as set forth in the SEC 
Documents, as defined in Section 3.5 below, the Company does not currently 
own or control, directly or indirectly, any interest in any other 
partnership, limited liability company, corporation, joint stock company, 
trust, estate, joint venture, association or unincorporated organization, 
or any other form of business or professional entity.

3.4  Authorization. This Agreement and all other agreements executed and 
delivered by CSI in connection therewith, have been duly authorized, 
executed and delivered by CSI and constitute the legal, valid and binding 
obligations of CSI, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, 
subject to (i) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and 
moratorium laws, (ii) other laws of general application affecting the 
enforcement of creditors' rights generally and general principles of 
equity, (iii) the discretion of the court before which any proceeding 
therefor may be brought, and (iv) as rights to indemnity may be limited by 
federal or state securities laws or by public policy.

3.5 SEC Documents. CSI has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements 
and other documents required to be filed by it with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) pursuant to the Securities Act of 
1933 (the “Securities Act”) and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “
Exchange Act”) (the “SEC Documents”), and during the 12 calendar months 
prior to the date hereof all such SEC Documents have been filed in a timely 
manner. CSI is currently eligible to use Form S-3 for stockholder 
registration statements under the Securities Act. The SEC Documents have 
complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities 
Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations 
of the Commission promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, 
and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the 
Commission, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to 
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order 
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which 
they were made, not misleading. As of their respective dates, to the best 
of CSI’s knowledge during those respective dates, the financial statements 
of CSI included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material 
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules 
and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto. Such financial 
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States as in effect from time to time (“
GAAP”), consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (a) as 
may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes 
thereto, or (b) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent 
they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and 
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of CSI as 
of the respective dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash 
flows for the respective periods then ended (subject, in the case of 
unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set 
forth in the SEC Documents, CSI has not received notification from the 
Commission, the American Stock Exchange and/or any federal or state 
securities bureaus that any investigation (informal or formal), inquiry or 
claim is pending, threatened or in process against CSI and/or relating to 
any of CSI’s securities. A comment letter was received from the Securities 
and Exchange Commission relating to the Company’s December 31, 2006 filing 
on Form 10-K to which the Company is currently responding.
 
-3-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
3.6  Governmental Consents. No consent, approval, order, or authorization 
of, or registration, qualification, designation, declaration or filing 
with, any federal, state, local or provincial governmental authority on the 
part of CSI is required in connection with the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. CSI and each of its 
subsidiaries has obtained all federal, state, local and foreign 
governmental licenses and permits material to and necessary in the conduct 
of its business, such licenses and permits are in full force and effect, no 
material violations are or have been recorded in respect of any such 
licenses or permits, and no proceeding is pending or threatened to revoke 
or limit any thereof. There are no consents or waivers necessary for the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.7  Litigation. Except as set forth in the SEC Documents, (i) there is no 
action, suit, proceeding, or investigation pending or currently threatened 
against CSI, and (ii) in CSI’s reasonable judgment, none of such 
disclosures are likely to question the validity of this Agreement, or the 
right of CSI to enter into such agreements, or to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or which might result, either 
individually or in the aggregate, in any material adverse change in the 
assets, condition, affairs, or property of CSI, financially or otherwise, 
or any change in the current equity ownership of CSI, including, without 
limitation, actions pending or to CSI’s knowledge threatened involving the 
prior employment of any of CSI’s employees, their use in connection with 
CSI’s business of any information or techniques allegedly proprietary to 
any of their former employers, or their obligations under any agreements 
with prior employers.

3.8  Compliance with Other Instruments. CSI is not in violation or default 
of any provisions of its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws or of any 
instrument, judgment, order, writ, decree, or contract to which it is a 
party or by which it is bound or, to its knowledge, of any provision of 
federal or state statute, rule or regulation, license, or permit applicable 
to CSI, the violation or default of which would have a material adverse 
effect on CSI. The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement 
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby 
will not result in any such violation or be in conflict with or constitute, 
with or without the passage of time and giving of notice, either a default 
under any such provision, instrument, judgment, order, writ, decree, or 
material contract or an event which results in the creation of any lien, 
charge, or encumbrance upon any assets of CSI.
 
-4-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
4.  Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each Purchaser 
represents and warrants to CSI as follows:
 
4.1  Review and Inspection. The Purchaser is relying on his own analysis 
regarding CSI’s operations, financial condition, assets, liabilities and 
other relevant matters as the Purchaser deemed necessary or desirable in 
order to evaluate the merits and risks of the prospective investment 
contemplated herein. The Purchaser acknowledges that he has not relied upon 
any information given to the Purchaser, or any statements made, by CSI or 
any officers or directors of CSI, except for the representations and 
warranties of CSI expressly made herein.
 
4.2  Purchaser Due Diligence. The Purchaser and his representatives are 
solely responsible for the Purchaser’s own “due diligence” investigation of 
CSI and its management and business and for the Purchaser’s analysis of the 
financial future and viability of CSI and desirability of the terms of this 
investment. The Purchaser acknowledges that neither CSI nor any officer or 
director of CSI is making any representation or warranty regarding any 
financial projections previously given to the Purchaser or the assumptions 
underlying such financial projections, as such financial projections are 
subject to significant business, economic and other uncertainties and 
contingencies. The Purchaser acknowledges that if CSI is not able to 
operate profitably or generate positive cash flows, CSI may have difficulty 
meeting its obligations and may not be able to continue to operate its 
business, and the Purchaser could lose all of his investment. The Purchaser 
has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that he 
is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the purchase of the Shares 
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and of protecting his interest in 
connection therewith.
 
4.3  Accredited Investor Status. The Purchaser is an “Accredited Investor” 
as that term is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act and the Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of the 
purchase of the Shares pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including a 
complete loss of his investment in the Shares.
 
4.4  Authority for Agreement. The Purchaser has the full right, power and 
authority to enter into and perform his obligations under the Agreement, 
and the Agreement constitutes the valid and binding obligations of the 
Purchaser enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to (i) 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and moratorium laws, (ii) 
other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors' 
rights generally and general principles of equity, (iii) the discretion of 
the court before which any proceeding therefor may be brought, and (iv) as 
rights to indemnity may be limited by federal or state securities laws or 
by public policy..
 
4.5  Governmental Consents. To the Purchaser’s knowledge, no consent, 
approval or authorization of or designation, declaration or filing with any 
governmental authority on the part of the Purchaser is required in 
connection with the valid execution, delivery and performance of the 
Agreement.
 
-5-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
4.6  Taxes. The Purchaser has not relied on any statements or 
representations of CSI or any of its agents (other than the representations 
and warranties set forth herein) with respect to the federal, state, local 
and foreign tax consequences of this investment and the federal, state, 
local and foreign tax consequences of transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement. With respect to such matters, the Purchaser understands that he 
(and not CSI) shall be responsible for his own tax liability that may arise 
as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.
 
4.7  Restricted Securities. The Purchaser understands that the Shares and 
the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants have not been 
registered under the Securities Act or the laws of any state and may not be 
sold or transferred, or otherwise disposed of, without registration under 
the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, or pursuant to an 
exemption therefrom. In the absence of an effective registration statement 
or an exemption therefrom covering the Shares and the Common Stock issuable 
upon exercise of the Warrants, the Purchaser will sell or transfer, or 
otherwise dispose of, the Shares to be acquired by him only in a manner 
consistent with his representations and agreements set forth herein and any 
applicable federal and state securities laws.

4.8  Legends. It is understood that the certificates evidencing the Shares 
may bear the following legend:

    (a) THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
    REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR APPLICABLE STATE
    SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED
    OF IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT
    TO THE SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE, FILED AND MADE
    EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND SUCH APPLICABLE STATE
    SECURITIES LAWS OR, UNLESS REASONABLY REQUESTED BY THE COMPANY, THE
    COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE
    COMPANY TO THE EFFECT THAT REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT AND SUCH
    APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS IS NOT REQUIRED.

(b)  Any legend required by the securities (“Blue Sky”) laws of any state.

The legend referred to in clause (a) above shall be removed by CSI from any 
certificate at such time as the holder of the securities represented by the 
certificate delivers an opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to CSI 
to the effect that such legend is not required in order to establish 
compliance with any provisions of the Securities Act, or at such time as 
the holder of such shares satisfies the requirements of Rule 144(k) or such 
other substantially similar rule promulgated under the Securities Act then 
in effect under the Securities Act; provided, that CSI has received from 
the holder a written representation that (i) such holder is not an 
affiliate of CSI and has not been an affiliate during the preceding three 
months, (ii) such holder has beneficially owned the shares represented by 
the certificate for a period of at least two years (or the period of time 
then required by Rule 144(k) or such other substantially similar rule 
promulgated under the Securities Act then in effect), and (iii) such holder 
otherwise satisfies the requirements of Rule 144(k) as then in effect with 
respect to such shares.
 
-6-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
5.  Conditions to the Obligations of the Purchasers. The obligation of the 
Purchasers to purchase the Shares at the Closing is subject to the 
fulfillment, or the written waiver, of each of the following conditions on 
or before the Closing:
 
5.1  Accuracy of Representations and Warranties. Each representation and 
warranty of CSI contained in Section 3 hereof shall be true on and as of 
the Closing Date with the same effect as though such representation and 
warranty had been made on and as of that date.
 
5.2  Performance. CSI shall have performed and complied with all covenants, 
agreements and conditions contained in this Agreement and required to be 
performed or complied with by CSI prior to or at the Closing.
 
5.3  Proceedings and Documents. All documents and instruments incident to 
the transactions contemplated at the Closing shall be reasonably 
satisfactory in substance and form to each Purchaser and his counsel.
 
5.4  Share Certificates and Warrants. Each Purchaser shall have received a 
certificate or certificates representing such number of Shares of his 
investment and the Warrants registered in his name as set forth on the 
Schedule of Purchasers.
 
5.6  Execution of Registration Rights Agreement. CSI shall have executed 
and delivered to the Registration Rights Agreement in the form appended 
hereto as Exhibit B.

 
6.  Condition to the Obligations of CSI. The obligation of CSI to sell the 
Shares and deliver the Warrants at the Closing is subject to fulfillment, 
or the written waiver, of each of the following conditions on or before the 
Closing:
 
6.1  Accuracy of Representations and Warranties. Each representation and 
warranty of the Purchasers contained in Section 4 hereof shall be true on 
and as of the Closing Date with the same effect as though such 
representation and warranty had been made on and as of that date.
 
6.2  Performance. All covenants, agreements and conditions contained in 
this Agreement and required to be performed by the Purchasers on or prior 
to the Closing Date shall have been performed or complied within all 
material respects.
 
7.  Covenants of CSI. In addition to the covenants set forth in CSI's 
Certificate of Incorporation, CSI agrees that, so long as any Purchaser 
and/or an affiliate thereof beneficially owns any Shares and/or a Warrant 
remains outstanding:
 
-7-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
7.1  Maintenance of Existence. CSI shall at all times (a) preserve, renew 
and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and rights and 
franchises with respect thereto; and (b) maintain in full force and effect 
all permits, licenses, trademarks, trade names, approvals, authorizations, 
leases and contracts necessary to carry on the business as presently or 
proposed to be conducted.

7.2 Payment of Obligations. CSI shall pay and discharge at or before 
maturity, all of its material obligations and liabilities, including, 
without limitation, tax liabilities, except where the same may be contested 
in good faith by appropriate proceedings or as waived, forgiven or modified 
by the creditor, and will maintain, in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles as they then exist, appropriate reserves for the 
accrual of any of the same.

7.3 Reservation of Shares. CSI shall at all times duly reserve for issuance 
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

8.  Indemnity. CSI shall, with respect to the representations, warranties, 
covenants and agreements made by it herein indemnify, defend and hold each 
Purchaser and his employees, partners, agents, counsel and affiliates 
(each, an “Indemnified Party”) harmless from and against all liability, 
loss or damage, together with all reasonable costs and expenses related 
thereto (including legal and accounting fees and expenses), arising from 
the untruth, inaccuracy or breach of any such representations, warranties, 
covenants or agreements of CSI contained in this Agreement or the assertion 
of any claims relating to the foregoing. Without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, each Indemnified Party shall be deemed to have suffered 
liability, loss or damage as a result of the untruth, inaccuracy or breach 
of any such representations, warranties, covenants or agreements if such 
liability, loss or damage shall be suffered by the Indemnified Party as a 
result of, or in connection with, such untruth, inaccuracy or breach or any 
facts or circumstances constituting such untruth, inaccuracy or breach. CSI 
shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnified Party against any 
losses, claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which any of 
the foregoing persons may become subject, insofar as such losses, claims, 
damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are 
based upon any violations by CSI of the Securities Act or state Blue Sky 
laws applicable to CSI relating to action or inaction required of CSI in 
connection with the Securities Act or registration or qualification under 
such state Blue Sky laws; and shall reimburse each such Indemnified Party 
for any legal or any other expenses reasonably incurred by any of them in 
connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, 
liability or action; provided, however, that no indemnification shall be 
required hereunder for the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any 
Indemnified Party or material breach by a Purchaser of any of the 
representations and warrants set forth in Section 4 hereof. In case any 
such action is brought against an Indemnified Party, CSI will be entitled 
to participate in and assume the defense thereof with counsel reasonably 
satisfactory to such Indemnified Party, and after notice from CSI to such 
Indemnified Party of its election to assume the defense thereof, CSI shall 
be responsible for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the 
latter in connection with the defense thereof, provided that if any 
Indemnified Party shall have reasonably concluded that there may be one or 
more legal defenses available to such Indemnified Party that conflict in 
any material respect with those available to CSI, or that such claims or 
litigation involves or could have an effect upon matters beyond the scope 
of the indemnity provided by this Section 8, CSI shall reimburse such 
Indemnified Party and shall not have the right to assume the defense of 
such action on behalf of such Indemnified party and CSI shall reimburse 
each such Indemnified Party and any individual, partnership, limited 
liability company, corporation, joint stock company, trust, estate, joint 
venture, association or unincorporated organization, or any other form of 
business or professional entity (“Person”) controlling such Indemnified 
Party for that portion of the reasonable fees and expenses of any counsel 
retained by the Indemnified Party. CSI shall not make any settlement of any 
claims indemnified against hereunder without the written consent of the 
Indemnified Party or Parties, which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld. Any claim for indemnification under this Section 8 with respect 
to representations and warranties must be made not later than the end of 
the 12-month survival period set forth in Section 9.2.

-8-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
9.  Miscellaneous.
 
9.1  Assignment. This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof will be 
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their 
respective successors and permitted assigns. Except as provided in Section 
8, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations 
hereunder may be assigned by any party without prior written consent of the 
other party.
 
9.2  Survival of Representations and Warranties. The warranties, 
representations and covenants of CSI and the Purchasers contained in or 
made pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement and the Closing for a period of 12 months and shall in no 
way be affected by any investigation of the subject matter thereof made by 
or on behalf of the Purchasers or CSI.
 
9.3  Notices. Unless otherwise provided, any notice required or permitted 
under this Agreement shall be given in writing and shall be deemed 
effectively given (i) upon personal delivery to the party to be notified, 
(ii) four days after deposit with the United States Post Office, by 
registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or (iii) one day after 
deposit with a reputable overnight courier service and addressed to the 
party to be notified:
 
  	If to CSI:
  	 
  	
Conversion Services International, Inc.
100 Eagle Rock Avenue
East Hanover, NJ 07936
Attn: Scott Newman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  	 
  	
If to the Purchasers:
  	 
  	
TAG Virgin Islands, Inc.
The Tunick Building
1336 Beltjen Road, Suite 202
St. Thomas, VI 00802
Attn: James Tagliaferri, President
  	 
  	With a copy to:
  	 
  	
Barry Feiner, Esq.
170 Harrison Avenue
Harrison, New York 10528
  	 
 
 
-9-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
9.4  Brokers. Each Purchaser, on the one hand, and CSI, on the other hand 
(a) represents and warrants to the other party that he/it has not retained 
any finders or brokers in connection with the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement, and (b) will indemnify and save the other party harmless 
from and against any and all claims, liabilities or obligations with 
respect to brokerage or finders’ fees or commissions, or consulting fees in 
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement asserted by 
any Person on the basis of any statement or representation alleged to have 
been made by him/it.
 
9.5  Expenses. CSI and the Purchasers shall bear their own expenses 
incurred with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated 
hereby except that CSI shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses incurred 
by the Purchasers for the legal services rendered to them with respect to 
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 
9.6  Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the other documents delivered 
pursuant to the Agreement at the Closing embody the entire agreement and 
understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter 
hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings relating to 
such subject matter.
 
9.7  Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended and 
the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived (either 
generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or 
prospectively) only with the written consent of CSI and the Purchasers. No 
waivers of or exceptions to any term, condition or provision of this 
Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or 
construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such term, condition or 
provision.
 
9.8  Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of 
which shall be one and the same document.
 
-10-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
9.9  Section Headings. The Section headings are for the convenience of the 
parties and in no way alter, modify, amend, limit, or restrict the 
contractual obligations of the parties.
 
9.10  Severability. Any part, provision, representation or warranty of this 
Agreement that is prohibited or that is held to be void or unenforceable 
shall be ineffective solely to the extent of such prohibition or 
unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof.
 
9.11  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its 
conflict of laws principles). The parties hereto irrevocably consent to the 
exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in 
the New York County, New York, as applicable, for any matter arising out of 
or relating to this Agreement. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first above written.
 
  	
CONVERSION SERVICES INTERNATIONAL, INC.
  	  	 
  	 By: 	
 /s/ Scott Newman
Name:  Scott Newman
Title:    President and Chief Executive Officer
  	  	 
  	 
  	
TAG VIRGIN ISLANDS, INC.,
as agent for the Purchasers
  	  	
  	 By: 	
 /s/ James Tagliaferri
Name:  James Tagliaferri
Title:    President
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	
 
  	  	 
 
-11-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
SCHEDULE I

SCHEDULE OF PURCHASERS
 
 
Name of Purchaser
  	  	
Amount
Invested
  	  	
Number of
 Shares  
  	  	
Number of
Warrants  
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Ardmore Blouses Inc Ret Pl
  	
$
35,700.00
  	  	
170,000
  	  	
170,000
 
Gary Krakauer & Heide Krakauer
  	  	
21,000.00
  	  	
100,000
  	  	
100,000
 
Joanne Wolff
  	  	
25,200.00
  	  	
120,000
  	  	
120,000
 
Judith Trop
  	  	
21,000.00
  	  	
100,000
  	  	
100,000
 
Stanley A. Star
  	  	
100,800.00
  	  	
480,000
  	  	
480,000
 
Stephen B. Star
  	  	
35,700.00
  	  	
170,000
  	  	
170,000
 
Total
  	
$
239,400.00
  	  	
1,140,000
  	  	
1,140,000
 


-12-
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 