 EX-10.08 3 a2181037zex-10_08.htm EXHIBIT 10.08
QuickLinks -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document


EXHIBIT 10.08


FORMFACTOR, INC.

2002 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

As Adopted April 18, 2002
As Amended December 14, 2006

        1.    Establishment of Plan.    FormFactor, Inc. (the "Company") 
proposes to grant options for purchase of the Company's Common Stock to 
eligible employees of the Company and its Participating Subsidiaries (as 
hereinafter defined) pursuant to this Employee Stock Purchase Plan (this "
Plan"). For purposes of this Plan, "Parent Corporation" and "Subsidiary" 
shall have the same meanings as "parent corporation" and "subsidiary 
corporation" in Sections 424(e) and 424(f), respectively, of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). "Participating Subsidiaries
" are Parent Corporations or Subsidiaries that the Board of Directors of 
the Company (the "Board") designates from time to time as corporations that 
shall participate in this Plan. The Company intends this Plan to qualify as 
an "employee stock purchase plan" under Section 423 of the Code (including 
any amendments to or replacements of such Section), and this Plan shall be 
so construed. Any term not expressly defined in this Plan but defined for 
purposes of Section 423 of the Code shall have the same definition herein. 
A total of 2,000,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock is reserved for 
issuance under this Plan. In addition, on each January 1, the aggregate 
number of shares of the Company's Common Stock reserved for issuance under 
the Plan shall be increased automatically by a number of shares equal to 1% 
of the total number of outstanding shares of the Company Common Stock on 
the immediately preceding December 31; provided, that the Board or the 
Committee may in its sole discretion reduce the amount of the increase in 
any particular year; and, provided further, that the aggregate number of 
shares issued over the term of this Plan shall not exceed 20,000,000 
shares. Such number shall be subject to adjustments effected in accordance 
with Section 14 of this Plan.

        2.    Purpose.    The purpose of this Plan is to provide eligible 
employees of the Company and Participating Subsidiaries with a convenient 
means of acquiring an equity interest in the Company through payroll 
deductions, to enhance such employees' sense of participation in the 
affairs of the Company and Participating Subsidiaries, and to provide an 
incentive for continued employment.

        3.    Administration.    This Plan shall be administered by the 
Compensation Committee of the Board (the "Committee"). Subject to the 
provisions of this Plan and the limitations of Section 423 of the Code or 
any successor provision in the Code, or limitations imposed by other taxing 
jurisdictions, as applicable, all questions of interpretation or 
application of this Plan shall be determined by the Committee and its 
decisions shall be final and binding upon all participants. Members of the 
Committee shall receive no compensation for their services in connection 
with the administration of this Plan, other than standard fees as 
established from time to time by the Board for services rendered by Board 
members serving on Board committees. All expenses incurred in connection 
with the administration of this Plan shall be paid by the Company.

        4.    Eligibility.    Any employee of the Company or the 
Participating Subsidiaries is eligible to participate in an Offering Period 
(as hereinafter defined) under this Plan except the following:

              (a)   employees who are not employed by the Company or a
      Participating Subsidiary prior to the beginning of such Offering
      Period or prior to such other time period as specified by the
      Committee, except that employees who are employed on the Effective
      Date of the Registration Statement filed by the Company with the
      Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") under the Securities Act
      of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") registering the initial
      public offering of the Company's Common Stock shall be eligible to
      participate in the first Offering Period under the Plan;

              (b)   employees who are customarily employed for twenty (20)
      hours or less per week;

------------------------------------------------------------------------


              (c)   employees who are customarily employed for five (5)
      months or less in a calendar year;

              (d)   employees who, together with any other person whose
      stock would be attributed to such employee pursuant to Section 424(d)
      of the Code, own stock or hold options to purchase stock possessing
      five percent (5%) or more of the total combined voting power or value
      of all classes of stock of the Company or any of its Participating
      Subsidiaries or who, as a result of being granted an option under
      this Plan with respect to such Offering Period, would own stock or
      hold options to purchase stock possessing five percent (5%) or more
      of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock
      of the Company or any of its Participating Subsidiaries; and

              (e)   individuals who provide services to the Company or any
      of its Participating Subsidiaries as independent contractors who are
      reclassified as common law employees for any reason except for 
      federal income and employment tax purposes.

        5.    Offering Dates.    The offering periods of this Plan (each, 
an "Offering Period") beginning on and after February 1, 2007 shall be of 
twelve (12) months fixed duration commencing on February 1 of each calendar 
year and ending on January 31 of the subsequent calendar year; provided, 
however, that

              (a)   with respect to participants who entered into this Plan
      on the Offering Date (as defined below) of August 1, 2006, the
      Offering Period shall be of twenty-four (24) months fixed duration
      commencing on August 1, 2006 and ending on July 31, 2008 (the "
      August 2006 Offering Period"), unless an Early Termination Event (as
      defined below) shall have occurred;

              (b)   with respect to participants who entered into this Plan
      on the Offering Date of February 1, 2006, the Offering Period shall
      be of twenty-four (24) months fixed duration commencing on February
      1, 2006 and ending on January 31, 2008 (the "February 2006 Offering
      Period"), unless an Early Termination Event shall have occurred;

              (c)   with respect to participants who entered into this Plan
      on the Offering Date of August 1, 2005, the Offering Period shall be
      of twenty-four (24) months fixed duration commencing on August 1,
      2005 and ending on July 31, 2007 (the "August 2005 Offering Period
      "), unless an Early Termination Event shall have occurred;

              (d)   with respect to participants who entered into this Plan
      on the Offering Date of February 1, 2005, the Offering Period shall
      be of twenty-four (24) months fixed duration commencing on February
      1, 2005 and ending on January 31, 2007 (the "February 2005 Offering
      Period");

              (e)   with respect to participants who entered into this Plan
      prior to the Offering Date of February 1, 2005 (other than as set
      forth in subsection (f) below), the Offering Periods shall be of
      twenty-four (24) months duration commencing on February 1 and August
      1 of each year and ending on January 31 and July 31 of each year; and

              (f)    the first such Offering Period shall commence on the
      date on which the registration statement filed by the Company with
      the SEC under the Securities Act registering the initial public
      offering of the Company's Common Stock is declared effective by the
      SEC (the "First Offering Date") and shall end on July 31, 2004 (the "
      First Offering Period").

Each Offering Period commencing on and after February 1, 2007 shall consist 
of two (2) six month purchase periods (individually, a "Purchase Period") 
during which payroll deductions of the participants are accumulated under 
this Plan. Each Offering Period that commenced before February 1, 2007 
shall consist of four (4) six month Purchase Periods, unless an Early 
Termination Event shall have occurred. The First Offering Period shall 
consist of no more than five and no fewer than three Purchase Periods, any 
of which may be greater or less than six months as determined by the 
Committee. The first business day of each Offering Period is referred to as 
the "Offering Date". The last business day of each Purchase Period is 
referred to as the "Purchase Date". The Committee shall have the power to 
change

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

the Offering Dates, the Purchase Dates and the duration of Offering Periods 
or Purchase Periods without stockholder approval if such change is 
announced prior to the relevant Offering Period or prior to such other time 
period as specified by the Committee.

Each of the following events shall be deemed a "Early Termination Event" 
for the purposes of this Plan:

            (i)
                in the event that the Fair Market Value on any Purchase
                Date through February 1, 2008 is lower than the Fair Market
                Value on the first Offering Date for the August 2006
                Offering Period, then following such Purchase Date, the
                Company shall terminate the August 2006 Offering Period and
                automatically enroll any participants in the August 2006
                Offering Period into the immediately subsequent Offering
                Period (or any remaining portion of such Offering Period)
                pursuant to this Plan;

            (ii)
                in the event that the Fair Market Value on any Purchase
                Date through August 1, 2007 is lower than the Fair Market
                Value on the first Offering Date for the February 2006
                Offering Period, then following such Purchase Date, the
                Company shall terminate the February 2006 Offering Period
                and automatically enroll any participants in the February
                2006 Offering Period into the immediately subsequent
                Offering Period (or any remaining portion of such Offering
                Period) pursuant to this Plan; and

            (iii)
                in the event that the Fair Market Value on any Purchase
                Date through February 1, 2007 is lower than the Fair Market
                Value on the first Offering Date for the August 2005
                Offering Period, then following such Purchase Date, the
                Company shall terminate the August 2005 Offering Period and
                automatically enroll any participants in the August 2005
                Offering Period into the immediately subsequent Offering
                Period (or any remaining portion of such Offering Period)
                pursuant to this Plan.

With respect to each Early Termination Event, any funds accumulated in a 
participant's account under this Plan prior to such Early Termination Event 
will be applied to the purchase of shares on the Purchase Date immediately 
prior to the first day of the new Offering Period following such Early 
Termination Event, if any.

In the event that an Early Termination Event has not occurred with respect 
to any participant in the August 2006 Offering Period, the February 2006 
Offering Period and/or the August 2005 Offering Period, then upon the 
expiration of the respective Offering Period of such participant in 
accordance with subsections (a), (b) and (c) above, as applicable, the 
Company shall automatically enroll such participant into the immediately 
subsequent Offering Period (or any remaining portion of such Offering 
Period) pursuant to this Plan.

        6.    Participation in this Plan.    Eligible employees may become 
participants in an Offering Period under this Plan on the Offering Date 
after satisfying the eligibility requirements by delivering a subscription 
agreement to the Company prior to such Offering Date, or such other time 
period as specified by the Committee, or as provided by Section 5 above; 
provided, however, that all eligible employees employed on or before the 
First Offering Date will be automatically enrolled in the First Offering 
Period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) an eligible employee may elect 
to decrease the number of shares of Common Stock that such employee would 
otherwise be permitted to purchase pursuant to Section 7 below for the 
First Offering Period and/or purchase shares of Common Stock for the First 
Offering Period through payroll deductions by delivering a subscription 
agreement to the Company within thirty (30) days following the First 
Offering Date after the filing of an effective registration statement 
pursuant to Form S-8 and (ii) the Committee may set a later time for filing 
the subscription agreement authorizing payroll deductions for all eligible 
employees with respect to a given Offering Period. Except as provided above 
with respect to the First Offering Period, an eligible employee who does 
not deliver a subscription agreement to the Company after becoming eligible 
to participate in an Offering Period shall not participate in that Offering 
Period or any subsequent

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Offering Period unless such employee enrolls in this Plan by filing a 
subscription agreement with the Company prior to such Offering Period, or 
such other time period as specified by the Committee. Once an employee 
becomes a participant in an Offering Period by filing a subscription 
agreement, such employee will automatically participate in the Offering 
Period commencing immediately following the last day of the prior Offering 
Period unless the employee withdraws or is deemed to withdraw from this 
Plan or terminates further participation in the Offering Period as set 
forth in Section 11 below. Such participant is not required to file any 
additional subscription agreement in order to continue participation in 
this Plan.

        7.    Grant of Option on Enrollment.    Enrollment by an eligible 
employee in this Plan with respect to an Offering Period will constitute 
the grant (as of the Offering Date) by the Company to such employee of an 
option to purchase on the Purchase Date up to that number of shares of 
Common Stock of the Company determined by a fraction, the numerator of 
which is the amount accumulated in such employee's payroll deduction 
account during such Purchase Period and the denominator of which is the 
lower of (i) eighty-five percent (85%) of the fair market value of a share 
of the Company's Common Stock on the Offering Date (but in no event less 
than the par value of a share of the Company's Common Stock), or (ii) 
eighty-five percent (85%) of the fair market value of a share of the 
Company's Common Stock on the Purchase Date (but in no event less than the 
par value of a share of the Company's Common Stock), provided, however, 
that for each Purchase Period within the First Offering Period the 
numerator shall be fifteen percent (15%) of the eligible employee's 
compensation for such Purchase Period and provided, further, that the 
number of shares of the Company's Common Stock subject to any option 
granted pursuant to this Plan shall not exceed the lesser of (x) the 
maximum number of shares set by the Committee pursuant to Section 10(c) 
below with respect to the applicable Purchase Date, or (y) the maximum 
number of shares which may be purchased pursuant to Section 10(b) below 
with respect to the applicable Purchase Date. The fair market value of a 
share of the Company's Common Stock shall be determined as provided in 
Section 8 below.

        8.    Purchase Price.    The purchase price per share at which a 
share of Common Stock will be sold in any Offering Period shall be 
eighty-five percent (85%) of the lesser of:

              (a)   The fair market value on the Offering Date; or

              (b)   The fair market value on the Purchase Date.

        The term "fair market value" means, as of any date, the value of a 
share of the Company's Common Stock determined as follows:

              (a)   if such Common Stock is then quoted on the Nasdaq
      Global Market, its closing price on the Nasdaq Global Market on the
      date of determination as reported in The Wall Street Journal;

              (b)   if such Common Stock is publicly traded and is then
      listed on a national securities exchange, its closing price on the
      date of determination on the principal national securities exchange
      on which the Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading as
      reported in The Wall Street Journal; or

              (c)   if such Common Stock is publicly traded but is not
      quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market nor listed or admitted to trading
      on a national securities exchange, the average of the closing bid and
      asked prices on the date of determination as reported in The Wall
      Street Journal.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of the First Offering Date, 
fair market value shall be the price per share at which shares of the 
Company's Common Stock are initially offered for sale to the public by the 
Company's underwriters in the initial public offering of the Company's 
Common Stock pursuant to a registration statement filed with the SEC under 
the Securities Act.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        9.    Payment Of Purchase Price; Changes In Payroll Deductions; 
Issuance Of Shares.    

              (a)   The purchase price of the shares is accumulated by
      regular payroll deductions made during each Offering Period, 
      provided, however, that for the First Offering Period the purchase
      price of the shares shall be paid by the eligible employee in cash on
      each Purchase Date within the First Offering Period unless the
      eligible employee elects to purchase such shares through payroll
      deductions after the filing of an effective Form S-8 registration
      statement pursuant to the second sentence of Section 6 above within
      thirty (30) days following the First Offering Period. The deductions
      are made as a percentage of the participant's compensation in one
      percent (1%) increments not less than one percent (1%), nor greater
      than fifteen percent (15%) or such lower limit set by the Committee.
      Compensation shall mean all W-2 cash compensation, including, but not
      limited to, base salary, wages, commissions, overtime, shift
      premiums, plus draws against commissions, provided, however, that for
      purposes of determining a participant's compensation, any election by
      such participant to reduce his or her regular cash remuneration under
      Sections 125 or 401(k) of the Code shall be treated as if the
      participant did not make such election. Payroll deductions shall
      commence on the first payday of the Offering Period and shall
      continue to the end of the Offering Period unless sooner altered or
      terminated as provided in this Plan.

              (b)   (i) For any Offering Periods that commenced before
      February 1, 2007 (including the August 2006 Offering Period, the
      February 2006 Offering Period, the August 2005 Offering Period and
      the February 2005 Offering Period), the following provision is
      operative: A participant may increase or decrease the rate of payroll
      deductions during an Offering Period by filing with the Company a new
      authorization for payroll deductions, in which case the new rate
      shall become effective for the next payroll period commencing after
      the Company's receipt of the authorization and shall continue for the
      remainder of the Offering Period unless changed as described below.
      Such change in the rate of payroll deductions may be made at any time
      during an Offering Period, but not more than one (1) change may be
      made effective during any Purchase Period. A participant may increase
      or decrease the rate of payroll deductions for any subsequent
      Offering Period by filing with the Company a new authorization for
      payroll deductions prior to the beginning of such Offering Period, or
      such other time period as specified by the Committee.

                    (ii)   For any twelve (12) month fixed duration
            Offering Periods commencing from and after February 1, 2007,
            the following provision is operative: A participant may not
            increase the rate of payroll deductions at any time during an
            Offering Period. A participant may decrease the rate of payroll
            deductions during an Offering Period by filing with the Company
            a new authorization for payroll deductions, in which case the
            new rate shall become effective as soon as practicable
            commencing after the Company's receipt of the authorization and
            shall continue for the remainder of the Offering Period unless
            changed as described below. Such decrease in the rate of
            payroll deductions may be made at any time during an Offering
            Period, but not more than one (1) change may be made effective
            during any Purchase Period. A participant may increase or
            decrease the rate of payroll deductions for any subsequent
            Offering Period by filing with the Company a new authorization
            for payroll deductions prior to the beginning of such Offering
            Period, or such other time period as specified by the
            Committee.

              (c)   A participant may reduce his or her payroll deduction
      percentage to zero during an Offering Period by filing with the
      Company a request for cessation of payroll deductions. Such reduction
      shall be effective beginning as soon as practicable after the
      Company's receipt of the request and no further payroll deductions
      will be made for the duration of the Offering Period. Payroll
      deductions credited to the participant's account prior to the
      effective date of the request shall be used to purchase shares of
      Common Stock of the Company in accordance with Section (e) below. A
      participant may not resume making payroll deductions during the
      Offering Period in which he or she reduced his or her payroll
      deductions to zero.

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

              (d)   All payroll deductions made for a participant are
      credited to his or her account under this Plan and are deposited with
      the general funds of the Company. No interest accrues on the payroll
      deductions. All payroll deductions received or held by the Company
      may be used by the Company for any corporate purpose, and the Company
      shall not be obligated to segregate such payroll deductions.

              (e)   On each Purchase Date, so long as this Plan remains in
      effect and provided that the participant has not submitted a signed
      and completed withdrawal form before that date which notifies the
      Company that the participant wishes to withdraw from that Offering
      Period under this Plan and have all payroll deductions accumulated in
      the account maintained on behalf of the participant as of that date
      returned to the participant, the Company shall apply the funds then
      in the participant's account to the purchase of whole shares of
      Common Stock reserved under the option granted to such participant
      with respect to the Offering Period to the extent that such option is
      exercisable on the Purchase Date. The purchase price per share shall
      be as specified in Section 8 of this Plan. Any cash remaining in a
      participant's account after such purchase of shares shall be refunded
      to such participant in cash, without interest; provided, however that
      any amount remaining in such participant's account on a Purchase Date
      which is less than the amount necessary to purchase a full share of
      Common Stock of the Company shall be carried forward, without
      interest, into the next Purchase Period or Offering Period, as the
      case may be. In the event that this Plan has been oversubscribed, all
      funds not used to purchase shares on the Purchase Date shall be
      returned to the participant, without interest. No Common Stock shall
      be purchased on a Purchase Date on behalf of any employee whose
      participation in this Plan has terminated prior to such Purchase
      Date.

              (f)    As promptly as practicable after the Purchase Date,
      the Company shall issue shares for the participant's benefit
      representing the shares purchased upon exercise of his or her option.

              (g)   During a participant's lifetime, his or her option to
      purchase shares hereunder is exercisable only by him or her. The
      participant will have no interest or voting right in shares covered
      by his or her option until such option has been exercised.

        10.    Limitations on Shares to be Purchased.    

              (a)   No participant shall be entitled to purchase stock
      under this Plan at a rate which, when aggregated with his or her
      rights to purchase stock under all other employee stock purchase
      plans of the Company or any Subsidiary, exceeds $25,000 in fair
      market value, determined as of the Offering Date (or such other limit
      as may be imposed by the Code) for each calendar year in which the
      employee participates in this Plan. The Company shall automatically
      suspend the payroll deductions of any participant as necessary to
      enforce such limit provided that when the Company automatically
      resumes such payroll deductions, the Company must apply the rate in
      effect immediately prior to such suspension.

              (b)   No more than two hundred percent (200%) of the number
      of shares determined by using eighty-five percent (85%) of the fair
      market value of a share of the Company's Common Stock on the Offering
      Date as the denominator may be purchased by a participant on any
      single Purchase Date.

              (c)   No participant shall be entitled to purchase more than
      the Maximum Share Amount (as defined below) on any single Purchase
      Date. Prior to the commencement of any Offering Period or prior to
      such time period as specified by the Committee, the Committee may, in
      its sole discretion, set a maximum number of shares which may be
      purchased by any employee at any single Purchase Date (hereinafter
      the "Maximum Share Amount"). Until otherwise determined by the
      Committee, there shall be no Maximum Share Amount. In no event shall
      the Maximum Share Amount exceed the amounts permitted under Section
      10(b) above. If a new Maximum Share

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      Amount is set, then all participants must be notified of such Maximum
      Share Amount prior to the commencement of the next Offering Period.
      The Maximum Share Amount shall continue to apply with respect to all
      succeeding Purchase Dates and Offering Periods unless revised by the
      Committee as set forth above.

              (d)   If the number of shares to be purchased on a Purchase
      Date by all employees participating in this Plan exceeds the number
      of shares then available for issuance under this Plan, then the
      Company will make a pro rata allocation of the remaining shares in as
      uniform a manner as shall be reasonably practicable and as the
      Committee shall determine to be equitable. In such event, the Company
      shall give written notice of such reduction of the number of shares
      to be purchased under a participant's option to each participant
      affected.

              (e)   Any payroll deductions accumulated in a participant's
      account which are not used to purchase stock due to the limitations
      in this Section 10 shall be returned to the participant as soon as
      practicable after the end of the applicable Purchase Period, without
      interest.

        11.    Withdrawal.    

              (a)   Each participant may withdraw from an Offering Period
      under this Plan by signing and delivering to the Company a written
      notice to that effect on a form provided for such purpose. Such
      withdrawal may be elected at any time prior to the end of an Offering
      Period, or such other time period as specified by the Committee.

              (b)   Upon withdrawal from this Plan, the accumulated payroll
      deductions shall be returned to the withdrawn participant, without
      interest, and his or her interest in this Plan shall terminate. In
      the event a participant voluntarily elects to withdraw from this
      Plan, he or she may not resume his or her participation in this Plan
      during the same Offering Period, but he or she may participate in any
      Offering Period under this Plan which commences on a date subsequent
      to such withdrawal by filing a new authorization for payroll
      deductions in the same manner as set forth in Section 6 above for
      initial participation in this Plan.

              (c)   If the Fair Market Value on the first day of the
      current Offering Period in which a participant is enrolled is higher
      than the Fair Market Value on the first day of any subsequent
      Offering Period, the Company will automatically enroll such
      participant in the subsequent Offering Period. Any funds accumulated
      in a participant's account prior to the first day of such subsequent
      Offering Period will be applied to the purchase of shares on the
      Purchase Date immediately prior to the first day of such subsequent
      Offering Period, if any.

              (d)   Section 11(c) of this Plan shall not apply to any
      Offering Period from and after February 1, 2007.

        12.    Termination of Employment.    Termination of a participant's 
employment for any reason, including retirement, death or the failure of a 
participant to remain an eligible employee of the Company or of a 
Participating Subsidiary, immediately terminates his or her participation 
in this Plan. In such event, the payroll deductions credited to the 
participant's account will be returned to him or her or, in the case of his 
or her death, to his or her legal representative, without interest. For 
purposes of this Section 12, an employee will not be deemed to have 
terminated employment or failed to remain in the continuous employ of the 
Company or of a Participating Subsidiary in the case of sick leave, 
military leave, or any other leave of absence approved by the Board; 
provided that such leave is for a period of not more than ninety (90) days 
or reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract 
or statute.

        13.    Return of Payroll Deductions.    In the event a 
participant's interest in this Plan is terminated by withdrawal, 
termination of employment or otherwise, or in the event this Plan is 
terminated by the

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Board, the Company shall deliver to the participant all payroll deductions 
credited to such participant's account. No interest shall accrue on the 
payroll deductions of a participant in this Plan.

        14.    Capital Changes.    Subject to any required action by the 
stockholders of the Company, the number of shares of Common Stock covered 
by each option under this Plan which has not yet been exercised and the 
number of shares of Common Stock which have been authorized for issuance 
under this Plan but have not yet been placed under option (collectively, 
the "Reserves"), as well as the price per share of Common Stock covered by 
each option under this Plan which has not yet been exercised, shall be 
proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of 
issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company resulting from 
a stock split or the payment of a stock dividend (but only on the Common 
Stock) or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued and 
outstanding shares of Common Stock effected without receipt of any 
consideration by the Company; provided, however, that conversion of any 
convertible securities of the Company shall not be deemed to have been 
"effected without receipt of consideration". Such adjustment shall be made 
by the Committee, whose determination shall be final, binding and 
conclusive. Except as expressly provided herein, no issue by the Company of 
shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of 
stock of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall 
be made with respect to, the number or price of shares of Common Stock 
subject to an option.

        In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the 
Company, the Offering Period will terminate immediately prior to the 
consummation of such proposed action, unless otherwise provided by the 
Committee. The Committee may, in the exercise of its sole discretion in 
such instances, declare that this Plan shall terminate as of a date fixed 
by the Committee and give each participant the right to purchase shares 
under this Plan prior to such termination. In the event of (i) a merger or 
consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving corporation (other 
than a merger or consolidation with a wholly-owned subsidiary, a 
reincorporation of the Company in a different jurisdiction, or other 
transaction in which there is no substantial change in the stockholders of 
the Company or their relative stock holdings and the options under this 
Plan are assumed, converted or replaced by the successor corporation, which 
assumption will be binding on all participants), (ii) a merger in which the 
Company is the surviving corporation but after which the stockholders of 
the Company immediately prior to such merger (other than any stockholder 
that merges, or which owns or controls another corporation that merges, 
with the Company in such merger) cease to own their shares or other equity 
interest in the Company, (iii) the sale of all or substantially all of the 
assets of the Company or (iv) the acquisition, sale, or transfer of more 
than 50% of the outstanding shares of the Company by tender offer or 
similar transaction, the Plan will continue with regard to Offering Periods 
that commenced prior to the closing of the proposed transaction and shares 
will be purchased based on the Fair Market Value of the surviving 
corporation's stock on each Purchase Date, unless otherwise provided by the 
Committee.

        The Committee may, if it so determines in the exercise of its sole 
discretion, also make provision for adjusting the Reserves, as well as the 
price per share of Common Stock covered by each outstanding option, in the 
event that the Company effects one or more reorganizations, 
recapitalizations, rights offerings or other increases or reductions of 
shares of its outstanding Common Stock, or in the event of the Company 
being consolidated with or merged into any other corporation.

        15.    Nonassignability.    Neither payroll deductions credited to 
a participant's account nor any rights with regard to the exercise of an 
option or to receive shares under this Plan may be assigned, transferred, 
pledged or otherwise disposed of in any way (other than by will, the laws 
of descent and distribution or as provided in Section 22 below) by the 
participant. Any such attempt at assignment, transfer, pledge or other 
disposition shall be void and without effect.

        16.    Reports.    Individual accounts will be maintained for each 
participant in this Plan. Each participant shall receive promptly after the 
end of each Purchase Period a report of his or her account setting forth 
the total payroll deductions accumulated, the number of shares purchased, 
the per share

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


price thereof and the remaining cash balance, if any, carried forward to 
the next Purchase Period or Offering Period, as the case may be.

        17.    Notice of Disposition.    Each participant shall notify the 
Company in writing if the participant disposes of any of the shares 
purchased in any Offering Period pursuant to this Plan if such disposition 
occurs within two (2) years from the Offering Date or within one (1) year 
from the Purchase Date on which such shares were purchased (the "Notice 
Period"). The Company may, at any time during the Notice Period, place a 
legend or legends on any certificate representing shares acquired pursuant 
to this Plan requesting the Company's transfer agent to notify the Company 
of any transfer of the shares. The obligation of the participant to provide 
such notice shall continue notwithstanding the placement of any such legend 
on the certificates.

        18.    No Rights to Continued Employment.    Neither this Plan nor 
the grant of any option hereunder shall confer any right on any employee to 
remain in the employ of the Company or any Participating Subsidiary, or 
restrict the right of the Company or any Participating Subsidiary to 
terminate such employee's employment.

        19.    Equal Rights And Privileges.    All eligible employees shall 
have equal rights and privileges with respect to this Plan so that this 
Plan qualifies as an "employee stock purchase plan" within the meaning of 
Section 423 or any successor provision of the Code and the related 
regulations. Any provision of this Plan which is inconsistent with Section 
423 or any successor provision of the Code shall, without further act or 
amendment by the Company, the Committee or the Board, be reformed to comply 
with the requirements of Section 423. This Section 19 shall take precedence 
over all other provisions in this Plan.

        20.    Notices.    All notices or other communications by a 
participant to the Company under or in connection with this Plan shall be 
deemed to have been duly given when received in the form specified by the 
Company at the location, or by the person, designated by the Company for 
the receipt thereof.

        21.    Term; Stockholder Approval.    After this Plan is adopted by 
the Board, this Plan will become effective on the First Offering Date (as 
defined above). This Plan shall be approved by the stockholders of the 
Company, in any manner permitted by applicable corporate law, within twelve 
(12) months before or after the date this Plan is adopted by the Board. No 
purchase of shares pursuant to this Plan shall occur prior to such 
stockholder approval. This Plan shall continue until the earlier to occur 
of (a) termination of this Plan by the Board (which termination may be 
effected by the Board at any time), (b) issuance of all of the shares of 
Common Stock reserved for issuance under this Plan, or (c) ten (10) years 
from the adoption of this Plan by the Board.

        22.    Designation of Beneficiary.    

              (a)   A participant may file a written designation of a
      beneficiary who is to receive any shares and cash, if any, from the
      participant's account under this Plan in the event of such
      participant's death subsequent to the end of an Purchase Period but
      prior to delivery to him of such shares and cash. In addition, a
      participant may file a written designation of a beneficiary who is to
      receive any cash from the participant's account under this Plan in
      the event of such participant's death prior to a Purchase Date.

              (b)   Such designation of beneficiary may be changed by the
      participant at any time by written notice. In the event of the death
      of a participant and in the absence of a beneficiary validly
      designated under this Plan who is living at the time of such
      participant's death, the Company shall deliver such shares or cash to
      the executor or administrator of the estate of the participant, or if
      no such executor or administrator has been appointed (to the
      knowledge of the Company), the Company, in its discretion, may
      deliver such shares or cash to the spouse or to any one or more
      dependents or relatives of the participant, or if no spouse,
      dependent or relative is known to the Company, then to such other
      person as the Company may designate.

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


        23.    Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares; Limitation on Sale of 
Shares.    Shares shall not be issued with respect to an option unless the 
exercise of such option and the issuance and delivery of such shares 
pursuant thereto shall comply with all applicable provisions of law, 
domestic or foreign, including, without limitation, the Securities Act, the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder, and the requirements of any stock exchange or 
automated quotation system upon which the shares may then be listed, and 
shall be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with 
respect to such compliance.

        24.    Applicable Law.    The Plan shall be governed by the 
substantive laws (excluding the conflict of laws rules) of the State of 
California.

        25.    Amendment or Termination of this Plan.    The Board may at 
any time amend, terminate or extend the term of this Plan, except that any 
such termination cannot affect options previously granted under this Plan, 
nor may any amendment make any change in an option previously granted which 
would adversely affect the right of any participant, nor may any amendment 
be made without approval of the stockholders of the Company obtained in 
accordance with Section 21 above within twelve (12) months of the adoption 
of such amendment (or earlier if required by Section 21) if such amendment 
would:

              (a)   increase the number of shares that may be issued under
      this Plan; or

              (b)   change the designation of the employees (or class of
      employees) eligible for participation in this Plan.

        Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may make such amendments 
to the Plan as the Board determines to be advisable, if the continuation of 
the Plan or any Offering Period would result in financial accounting 
treatment for the Plan that is different from the financial accounting 
treatment in effect on the date this Plan is adopted by the Board.

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------



QuickLinks

      EXHIBIT 10.08
FORMFACTOR, INC. 2002 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN As Adopted April 18, 
2002 As Amended December 14, 2006
