 EX-10 24 exhibit1010.htm EXHIBIT 10.10
CONSULTING AGREEMENT
Faward Consulting Corp. – Edward Foster



Exhibit 10.10 Consulting Agreement Faward Consulting Corp. May 1, 2005

This Consulting Agreement (this "AGREEMENT") is made and entered into as of 
May 1, 2005, by and between Identica Corp. (the "COMPANY"), and Faward 
Consulting Corp. ("CONSULTANT").

   1.
   ENGAGEMENT AND RESPONSIBILITIES

         a.
         Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
         Agreement, the Company hereby engages Consultant as a consultant,
         and Consultant hereby accepts such engagement.

         b.
         Consultant hereby agrees that all duties and responsibilities of
         Consultant set forth in this Agreement shall be performed by Mr.
         Edward A. Foster ("Foster").  

         c.
         Foster shall have the title of Chief Executive Officer of Identica
         Corp.

         d.
         Foster shall devote substantially all of his business time with a
         minimum of forty (40) hours per work week, energy and efforts to
         the business of the Company and will use his best efforts and
         abilities faithfully and diligently to promote the Company's
         business interests; except that Foster shall be free to spend up
         to fifteen (15) hours per week with his other interests.  However,
         at all times Identica requirements shall take priority over any
         other business activities.  Foster's duties and responsibilities
         shall be those incident to those which are normally and
         customarily vested in the office of Chief Executive Officer of a
         corporation. In addition, Foster's duties shall include those
         duties and services for the Company and its affiliates as the
         Board shall, in its sole and absolute discretion, from time to
         time reasonably direct which are not inconsistent with Foster's
         position described in Section 1(c).  Notwithstanding the
         foregoing, but subject to Section 1(e) of this Agreement, Foster
         shall be permitted to manage his personal investments.  

         e.
         For so long as Consultant is engaged by the Company, neither
         Consultant nor Foster shall, directly or indirectly, either as an
         employee, employer, consultant, agent, investor, principal,
         partner, stockholder (except as the holder of less than 5% of the
         issued and outstanding stock of a publicly held corporation),
         corporate officer or director, or in any other individual or
         representative capacity, engage or participate in any business
         that is in competition in any manner whatsoever with the business
         of the Company Group, as such businesses are now or hereafter
         conducted.

   2.
   DEFINITIONS

      "BOARD" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

      "COMPANY GROUP" shall mean the Company and each Person that the
      Company directly or indirectly Controls.

      "CONTROL" shall mean, with respect to any Person, (i) the beneficial
      ownership of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of
      such Person, or (ii) the power, directly or indirectly, by proxy,
      voting trust or otherwise, to elect a majority of the outstanding
      directors, trustees or other managing persons of such Person.

       "DISABILITY," with respect to Foster, shall mean that, for physical
      or mental reasons, Foster is unable to perform the essential
      functions of his duties under this Agreement for 60 consecutive days,
      or 90 days during any one six month period. Foster agrees to submit
      to a reasonable number of examinations by a medical doctor advising
      the Company as to whether he shall have suffered a disability and
      Foster hereby authorizes the disclosure and release to the Company
      and its agents and representatives all supporting medical records. If
      Foster is not legally competent, his legal guardian or duly
      authorized attorney-in-fact will act in his stead for the purposes of
      submitting him to the examinations, and providing the authorization
      of disclosure.

       "FOR CAUSE" shall mean, in the context of a basis for termination of
      Consultant's engagement with the Company, that:

         a.
         Consultant breaches any obligation, duty or agreement under this
         Agreement, which breach is not cured or corrected within 15 days
         of written notice thereof from the Company (except



Identica Corp. - Confidential
Page 1 of 5

CONSULTING AGREEMENT
Faward Consulting Corp. – Edward Foster



         for breaches of Sections 1(e), 6 or 7 of this Agreement, which
         cannot be cured and for which the Company need not give any
         opportunity to cure); or  

         b.
         Foster commits any act of personal dishonesty, fraud,
         embezzlement, breach of fiduciary duty or trust against the
         Company Group; or  

         c.
         Foster is indicted for, or convicted of, or pleads guilty or nolo
         contendere with respect to, theft, fraud, a crime involving moral
         turpitude, or a felony under federal or applicable provincial or
         state law; or

         d.
         Foster commits any act of personal conduct that, in the reasonable
         opinion of the Board, gives rise to any member of the Company
         Group of a material risk of liability under federal or applicable
         provincial or state law for discrimination or sexual or other
         forms of harassment or other similar liabilities to subordinate
         employees; or  

         e.
         Foster commits continued and repeated substantive violations of
         specific written directions of the Board, which directions are
         consistent with this Agreement and Foster's position as a senior
         or executive officer, or continued and repeated substantive
         failure to perform duties assigned by or pursuant to this
         Agreement.

      "PERSON" shall mean an individual or a partnership, corporation,
      trust, association, limited liability company, governmental authority
      or other entity.

   3.
   COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS

For so long as Consultant shall be engaged by the Company as a consultant, 
Consultant shall receive the compensation set forth in this Section 3.

         a.
         CONSULTING FEES. The Company shall pay Consultant consulting fees
         at an annual rate of $96,000 US through July 2005 and thereafter
         to be reviewed by the Board. The Company may, but shall not be
         obligated to, increase the consulting fees from time to time. The
         Consultant understands that the Company may from time to time
         reduce the consulting fees with an explanation to the Consultant. 
         However, no such reduction shall take place within the first
         twelve (12) months of this Agreement unless all other Senior
         Executives are reduced pro rata, such reduction(s) to be decided
         by majority vote of the Board.  The consulting fees shall be
         payable in installments in the same manner and at the same times
         the Company pays fees to executive officers of the Company, but in
         no event less frequently than equal monthly installments.  

         b.
         BONUS. Consultant shall participate in any Executive Bonus plan
         which the Board shall from time to time approve.  The amount of
         Consultant’s Bonus shall be set by the Compensation Committee of
         the Board at its sole discretion.

         c.
         EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT. Consultant shall be entitled to
         reimbursement from the Company for the reasonable out-of-pocket
         costs and expenses which Consultant incurs in connection with the
         performance of Consultant's duties and obligations under this
         Agreement in a manner consistent with the Company's practices and
         policies.

         d.
         BENEFIT PLANS. If and to the extent permitted by the relevant
         plan, Foster shall be entitled to participate in any pension,
         savings and group term life, medical, dental, disability, and
         other group benefit plans that the Company makes available to its
         employees generally.  

         e.
         VACATION. Foster shall be entitled to three weeks paid vacation,
         which shall accrue in accordance with the Company's standard
         vacation accrual policy.   

         f.
         AUTOMOBILE ALLOWANCE. Employer shall pay directly to Consultant a
         $400 per month car allowance during the term of this Agreement or
         as provided for in Section 5(a), whichever period lasts longer
         (the "CAR Payments").   

         g.
         DISABILITY. In the event of any Disability, if Consultant or
         Foster shall receive payments as a result of such Disability under
         any disability plan maintained by the Company or from any
         government agency, the Company shall be entitled to deduct the
         amount of such payments received from base salary payable to
         Consultant during the period of such Disability.  



Identica Corp. - Confidential
Page 2 of 5

CONSULTING AGREEMENT
Faward Consulting Corp. – Edward Foster



         h.
         WITHHOLDING. The Company may deduct from any compensation payable
         to Consultant (including payments made pursuant to Section 5 of
         this Agreement in connection with or following termination of
         engagement) amounts it believes are required to be withheld under
         federal and state law, including applicable federal, state and/or
         local income tax withholding, old-age and survivors' and other
         social security payments, state disability and other insurance
         premiums and payments.

   4.
   TERM OF ENGAGEMENT

Consultant's term of engagement pursuant to this Agreement shall commence 
as of the date hereof and shall terminate on the earliest to occur of the 
following (the "DATE OF TERMINATION"):
         a.
         upon the date set forth in a written notice of termination from
         Consultant to the Company (which date shall be at least 60 days
         after the delivery of that notice); provided, however, that in the
         event Consultant delivers such notice to the Company, the Company
         shall have the right to accelerate such termination by written
         notice thereof to Consultant (and such termination by the Company
         shall be deemed to be a termination of engagement pursuant to this
         Section 4(a), and not a termination pursuant to Section 4(d) or
         4(e) hereof);  
         b.
         upon the death of Foster;  
         c.
         upon delivery to Consultant of written notice of termination by
         the Company if Foster shall suffer a Disability;  
         d.
         upon delivery to Consultant of written notice of termination by
         the Company For Cause; or  upon delivery to Consultant of written
         notice of termination by the Company without cause.
         e.
         No sooner than three (3) years from the date hereof by Foster.

It is understood that termination by the Company because Foster does not 
personally perform the services required of Consultant shall be termination 
For Cause.

   5.
   SEVERANCE COMPENSATION

         a.
         If Consultant's engagement is terminated pursuant to Section 4(e)
         (by the Company without cause), the Company shall, if Date of
         Termination any date from May 1, 2005 up to and including July 31,
         2005, then termination is immediate, and all compensation ceases. 
         If Date of Termination is any date from August 1, 2005 up to and
         including January 31, 2006, then termination is immediate and
         compensation shall continue through April 30, 2006.   If Date of
         Termination is any date from February 1, 2006 up to and including
         April 30, 2006, then termination is immediate and compensation
         shall continue through April 30, 2006, unless the period between
         the Date of Termination and April 30, 2006 is less than three (3)
         months, in which case compensation shall be extended to equal
         three (3) months from the Date of Termination.  Subsequent to the
         end of the first year, compensation shall continue for a period of
         one year.  Compensation following any of the aforementioned
         Date(s) of Termination shall include:  (i) consulting fees at the
         rate in effect on the Termination Date; (ii) pay for Foster's (and
         his immediate family's) participation in group medical, life,
         dental, disability and similar plans to the extent permitted by
         the plan, and (iii) pay to Consultant the Car Payments.  

         b.
         If Consultant's engagement is terminated for any reason other than
         by the Company without cause or termination by Consultant, the
         Company shall pay to Consultant any unpaid consulting fees through
         the Date of Termination. All rights and benefits which Foster or
         his estate may have under the Company's benefit plans in which
         Foster shall be participating at the date of termination of
         engagement shall be determined in accordance with such plans.  

         c.
         If Consultant's engagement is terminated by the Company pursuant
         to Section 4(d) (by the Company For Cause), and subject to
         applicable law and regulations, the Company shall be entitled to
         offset against any payments due Consultant any loss or damage
         which the Company shall suffer as a result of the acts or
         omissions of Consultant or Foster giving rise to termination under
         Section 4(d).  

         d.
         Consultant acknowledges that the Company has the right to
         terminate Consultant's engagement without cause and that such
         termination shall not be a breach of this Agreement or any other
         express or implied agreement between the Company and Consultant.



Identica Corp. - Confidential
Page 3 of 5

CONSULTING AGREEMENT
Faward Consulting Corp. – Edward Foster



         Accordingly, in the event of such termination, Consultant shall be
         entitled only to those benefits specifically provided in this
         Section 5, and shall not have any other rights to any compensation
         or damages from the Company for breach of contract.  

         e.
         Consultant acknowledges that in the event of termination of
         Consultant's engagement for any reason, Consultant shall not be
         entitled to any severance or other compensation from the Company
         except as specifically provided in this Section 5. Without
         limitation on the generality of the foregoing, this Section
         supersedes any plan or policy of the Company which provides for
         severance to its officers or Consultant, and Consultant shall not
         be entitled to any benefits under any such plan or policy.

   6.
   COVENANT NOT TO SOLICIT

From the date hereof until one year from the Date of Termination:
         a.
         Neither Consultant nor Foster will, directly or indirectly,
         influence or attempt to influence any customer of the Company
         Group to reduce or discontinue its purchases of any products or
         services from the Company Group or to divert such purchases to any
         Person other than the Company Group.  
         b.
         Neither Consultant nor Foster will, directly or indirectly,
         interfere with, disrupt or attempt to disrupt the relationship,
         contractual or otherwise, between the Company Group and any of its
         respective suppliers, principals, distributors, lessors or
         licensors; and
         c.
         Neither Consultant nor Foster will, directly or indirectly,
         solicit any employees of the Company Group to work for any Person.

   7.
   CONFIDENTIALITY

Each of Consultant and Foster agrees not to disclose or use at any time 
(whether during or after Consultant's engagement with the Company) for its 
or his own benefit or purposes or the benefit or purposes of any other 
Person any trade secrets, information, data, or other confidential 
information  relating to customers, development programs, costs, marketing, 
trading, investment, sales activities, promotion, credit and financial 
data, financial methods, plans, or the business and affairs of the Company 
Group generally, PROVIDED that the foregoing shall not apply to information 
which is not unique to the Company Group or which is generally known to the 
industry or the public other than as a result of Consultant's breach of 
this covenant. Each of Consultant and Foster agrees that upon termination 
of Consultant's engagement with the Company for any reason, it and he will 
return to the Company immediately all memoranda, books, papers, plans, 
information, letters and other data, and all copies thereof or therefrom, 
in any way relating to the business of the Company Group except that it and 
he may retain personal notes, notebooks, diaries, rolodexes and addresses 
and phone numbers. Each of Consultant and Foster further agrees that it and 
he will not retain or use for its or his account at any time any trade 
names, trademark or other proprietary business designation used or owned in 
connection with the business of any member of the Company Group.

   8.
   MISCELLANEOUS

         a.
         NOTICES. All notices, requests, demands and other communications
         (collectively, "NOTICES") given pursuant to this Agreement shall
         be in writing, and shall be delivered by personal service,
         courier, facsimile transmission or by United States first class,
         registered or certified mail, addressed to the following
         addresses:

      If to the Company, to:
Identica Corp
130 Bridgeland Avenue
Suite 100
Toronto, Ontario Canada
Attn: Board of Directors

      If to Consultant, to:

      Consultant's address as set forth on the books and records of the
      Company.



Identica Corp. - Confidential
Page 4 of 5

CONSULTING AGREEMENT
Faward Consulting Corp. – Edward Foster


      Any Notice, other than a Notice sent by registered or certified mail,
      shall be effective when received; a Notice sent by registered or
      certified mail, postage prepaid return receipt requested, shall be
      effective on the earlier of when received or the third day following
      deposit in the United States mails. Any party may from time to time
      change its address for further Notices hereunder by giving notice to
      the other party in the manner prescribed in this Section.

         b.
         ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement contains the sole and entire
         agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the
         entire subject matter of this Agreement, and any and all prior
         discussions, negotiations, commitments and understandings, whether
         oral or otherwise, related to the subject matter of this Agreement
         are hereby merged herein. No representations, oral or otherwise,
         express or implied, other than those contained in this Agreement
         have been relied upon by any party to this Agreement.

         c.
         SEVERABILITY. In the event that any provision or portion of this
         Agreement shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable for
         any reason, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this
         Agreement shall be unaffected thereby and shall remain in full
         force and effect to the fullest extent permitted by law.  

         d.
         GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement has been made and entered into in
         the Province of Ontario and shall be construed in accordance with
         the laws of the Province of Ontario

         e.
         CAPTIONS. The various captions of this Agreement are for reference
         only and shall not be considered or referred to in resolving
         questions of interpretation of this Agreement.

         f.
         COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
         counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but
         all of which together shall constitute one and the same
         instrument.

         g.
         ATTORNEYS' FEES. If any action or proceeding is brought to enforce
         or interpret any provision of this Agreement, the prevailing party
         shall be entitled to recover as an element of its costs, and not
         its damages, its reasonable attorneys' fees, costs and expenses.
         The prevailing party is the party who is entitled to recover its
         costs in the action or proceeding. A party not entitled to recover
         its costs may not recover attorneys' fees. No sum for attorneys'
         fees shall be counted in calculating the amount of a judgment for
         purposes of determining whether a party is entitled to recover its
         costs or attorneys' fees.

In Witness Whereof, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first above written.

Identica Corp.

By:
The Board of Directors

_____________________
____________________
_____________________
David Clayden
Sid Tarek
Terry Wheeler


Faward Consulting Corp.

By:
________________________
Edward A. Foster, President

This Agreement is executed by Edward A. Foster solely for purpose of making 
the agreements set forth in Sections 1(e), 6 and 7.

________________
Edward A. Foster



Identica Corp. - Confidential
Page 5 of 5

