 EX-10.49 3 exhbit1049_licenaseagreement.htm 
EXHIBIT10.49_OLYMPUS_CYTORI_LICENSE_AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.49

LICENSE & ROYALTY AGREEMENT


THIS LICENSE & ROYALTY AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of the 23th 
day of August, 2007 (the “Effective Date”), is made and entered into by and 
between OLYMPUS-CYTORI, INC., a Delaware corporation, located at 3030 
Callan Road, San Diego, CA 92121 (The "JVCo") and CYTORI THERAPEUTICS, INC.
, a Delaware corporation, located at 3020 Callan Road, San Diego, CA 92121 
("Cytori").

(JVCo and Cytori may each be individually referred to herein as a “Party” 
and collectively as the “Parties”).


RECITALS

A.           Cytori, JVCo and Olympus Corporation (“Olympus”) entered into 
a series of agreements in November 2005 creating a joint venture 
(collectively, the “Joint Venture Agreements”) dedicated to the commercial 
development, manufacture and sale of JVCo Licensed Products (as defined 
below) according to the terms of such agreements.

B.     Cytori is desirous of commercializing and marketing an earlier 
version of Cytori Licensed Product (as defined below) (e.g., CT-800) during 
the Term (as defined in Section 2.5 below) or until JVCo starts to sell its 
comparable “Licensed Product(s)” defined in the License/ Commercial 
Agreement dated November 4, 2005 by Cytori and JVCo (“JVCo Licensed 
Product(s)”). Each of the Parties hereto now recognizes that it would be 
beneficial to all Parties for Cytori to commercialize and market an earlier 
version of the Licensed Product than had been anticipated under the Joint 
Venture Agreements, and have determined that the appropriate licenses for 
Cytori to conduct such early commercialization should be granted to Cytori 
pursuant to all of the terms and conditions provided below.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual promises 
herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and adequacy of which are acknowledged, the Parties agree as 
follows:


1.           DEFINITIONS

1.1
Defined Terms.  As used in this Agreement, the capitalized terms set forth 
in this Section 1 shall have the following meanings:

    “Affiliate” means, as to any Party, any Person that, directly or
    indirectly, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control
    with, such Party, where “control” (including, with its correlative
    meanings, “controlled by” and “under common control with”) means (a)
    the beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
    outstanding voting securities of a Party, or (b) the possession,
    directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction
    of management or policies of a Party, whether through the ownership of
    securities or partnership or other ownership interests, by contract or
    otherwise.

    “Agreement” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

    “Business Day” shall mean any day on which banking institutions are
    open in the United States, and excluding national holidays in Japan.

    “Cytori” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

    “Development Agreement” shall mean the License/ Joint Development
    Agreement dated November 4, 2005 by and among Cytori, Olympus and JVCo.

 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
     
    “Distributor Sale” shall mean the last sale of Cytori Licensed Product
    by Cytori or an Affiliate of Cytori to an unaffiliated third party who
    intends to resell the Cytori Licensed Product.

    “Effective Date” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

    "End-User Sale” means the last sale of Cytori Licensed Product within
    the control of Cytori, or an Affiliate of Cytori, to a Hospital or
    physician for use in such Hospital or Physicians facility.

    "Fully Burdened Cost of Sales” means all materials, labor and overhead
    costs as determined by Cytori’s accounting policies and procedures,
    including any costs associated with set-up and installation of the
    Cytori Licensed Products.

    “JVCo IP” or “Licensed IP” shall mean all Intellectual Property Rights
    today or hereafter owned by, licensed by or acquired by JVCo (other
    than JVCO trademarks and service marks) and useable or useful in the
    Licensed Field.

    “Licensed Field” shall mean the designing, developing, manufacturing,
    testing, importing, exporting, marketing, offering to sell, selling and
    servicing Cytori Licensed Products.

     “Cytori Licensed Product(s)” shall mean any automated devices (and
    related component parts), manufactured by Cytori (e.g., “CT-800)     
    ***
***
***
***
***
***
***
***
***
    The Cytori Celution System is a current example of a Cytori Licensed
    Product. Cytori Licensed Products shall not include:                   
     ***
***
***
***
***
***
***
***
***
    “Net Sales" means the total of the gross invoice prices from the Sale
    of Cytori Licensed Product by Cytori in the form of a  Distributor Sale
    or End –User Sale, less the sum of the following actual and customary
    deductions where applicable:  cash, trade or quantity discounts; sales,
    use, tariff, import/export duties or other excise taxes imposed on
    particular sales (excepting value added taxes or income taxes);
    transportation, handling and refrigeration charges, including
    insurance; and allowances or credits to customers because of rejections
    or returns (“Customary Deductions”).  If Cytori or any Affiliate of
    Cytori sells at a single price or rate a packaged combination of
    products and/or services, not all of which if sold individually would
    be Cytori Licensed Products, then “Net Sales” with respect to such
    sales of packaged products shall equal the number of units of each
    Cytori Licensed Product sold as part of such packaged products 
    multiplied by the respective average adjusted net selling price for the
    same type of Cytori Licensed Product sold individually,  and in the
    same market and distribution method, over the preceding six month
    period , in each case excluding rejections, defects and returns.

     “Person” shall mean an association, corporation, individual,
    partnership, trust or any other entity or organization, including a
    governmental entity, other than a Party.
_________________________
***Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential 
treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    “Term” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.5.

    “Three-Way NDA” shall mean the Three-Way Non-Disclosure Agreement,
    dated November 4, 2005, entered into by and among Cytori, Olympus and
    JVCo.

    “Intellectual Property Rights” shall mean “Intellectual Property
    Rights” defined in the License/ Commercial Agreement dated November 4,
    2005 by Cytori and JVCo.

1.2           References.  In this Agreement, a reference to:

    (a)           A Section, Sub-section, Preamble, Recital, Attachment,
    Schedule or Exhibit is, unless the context otherwise requires, a
    reference to a section or sub-section of, or a preamble, recital,
    attachment, schedule or exhibit to, this Agreement;

    (b)           “This Agreement” (or any specific provision hereof) shall
    be construed as references to this Agreement or that provision as
    amended, varied or modified from time to time;

    (c)           “¥” or “JPY” refers to Japanese Yen, the lawful currency
    for the time being of Japan.  “$” or “USD” refers to United States
    Dollars, the lawful currency for the time being of the United States of
    America; and

    (d)           All references in this Agreement to “days” will, unless
    otherwise specified herein, mean calendar days.

1.3
Headings.  Headings in this Agreement are for ease of reference only and 
shall not affect the interpretation or construction of this Agreement.


2.           THE LICENSE GRANTED BY JVCO

2.1
License Grant.
Subject to the terms, conditions and obligations set forth in this 
Agreement including the royalty payments to be made by Cytori to JVCo 
hereunder, JVCo hereby grants to Cytori a non-exclusive, worldwide license 
to the JVCo IP (including any improvements thereto) for use in the Licensed 
Field for the Term. In addition, Cytori shall be entitled to sublicense 
sales rights to its distributors during the Term, and to sublicense the 
manufacture of certain component parts, but such rights shall not extend 
the third party manufacture of all or substantially all of the any finished 
Cytori Licensed Product. For avoidance of doubt, the license granted herein 
is intended to allow Cytori to develop, make, and use Cytori Licensed 
Products for commercial sale during the Term, and the exercise of the 
rights granted herein in accordance with the terms in this Agreement, shall 
not be construed as competing with any products of the Joint Venture or in 
any way  violating  the Joint Venture Agreements.

2.2
Royalty Payments. In consideration of the license granted by JVCo to Cytori 
pursuant to Section 2.1 above (and subject to the exceptions described in 
2.2 (b)):

    (a) Cytori shall pay to JVCo a payment in the form of a royalty as
    described in either of the following cases:
     
    ***
 
***

 
***
 
***
    (b) Cytori shall not be required to pay a royalty for its distribution
    or provision of Cytori Licensed Products without charge or cost to the
    receiving party (i.e. for clinical trials, regulatory, reimbursement
    etc.).
_________________________
***Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential 
treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 2.3 	 Reports.  Effective upon the first commercial sale of a Cytori 
Licensed Product, Cytori shall make quarterly royalty reports to JVCo on or 
before each February 15 (for the quarter ending December 31), May 15 (for 
the quarter ending March 31), August 15 (for the quarter ending June 30) 
and November 15 (for the quarter ending September 30) of each year.  Each 
royalty report will cover Cytori's most recently completed calendar quarter 
and will show: 
  	  	 (a)  all Net Sales during the most recently completed calendar 
quarter;
  	  	 (b)  the Fully Burdened Cost of Sales associated with the Net Sales 
in 2.3 (a);
  	  	 (c)  the number of each type of Cytori Licensed Product sold;
  	  	 (d)  the royalties, in U.S. dollars, payable to JVCo hereunder;
  	  	 (e)  the method used to calculate the royalty ; and
  	  	 (f)  the exchange rates used.
  	  	 
  	  	 If no Net Sales have been made during any reporting period, then a 
statement to this effect is required.
 
2.4
Books and Records.  Cytori shall keep accurate books and records showing 
all Cytori Licensed Product manufactured, and/or sold under the terms of 
this Agreement.  Books and records must be preserved for at least five (5) 
years from the date of the royalty payment to which they pertain. Books and 
records must be open to inspection by representatives or agents of JVCo at 
reasonable times, subject to a reasonable and customary confidentiality 
agreement.  JVCo shall bear the fees and expenses of examination, but if an 
error in royalties of more than five percent (5%) of the total royalties 
due for any calendar year is discovered in any examination, then Cytori 
shall bear the fees and expenses of that examination.

2.5
Term and Termination. The term of this Agreement (“Term”) shall commence on 
the Effective Date and shall continue in full force and effect for a period 
of  *** for each Cytori Licensed Product offered by Cytori hereunder. The 
Term shall expire earlier with respect to any specific Cytori Licensed 
Product at such time as JVCo notifies Cytori in writing that it has an 
alternative commercially salable JVCo Licensed Product manufactured by or 
for JVCo that serves in the same market as such specific Cytori Licensed 
Product (“Termination Notice”).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Term of 
the license rights granted hereunder shall continue after the Term with 
respect to:
 
***
 
***
 
***
 
***
 
 
2.6           Representations and Warranties.

    2.6.1                      Representations and Warranties of Cytori. 
    Cytori represents and warrants to JVCo that:

    (a)  Cytori is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
    good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and that Cytori
    has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to
    execute and deliver this Agreement and to fulfill its obligations
    under, and to consummate the transactions contemplated by, this
    Agreement.
_________________________
***Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential 
treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    (b)  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by
    Cytori will not result in any breach or violation of, or conflict with,
    any third-party contract, agreement, undertaking, judgment, decree,
    order, law, regulation or rule to which Cytori is a party or by which
    Cytori or any of its assets are bound, provided Olympus Corporation
    gives its consent to this transaction, which shall be attached hereto
    as Exhibit I.

    (c)  This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by
    Cytori and is binding upon and enforceable against Cytori in accordance
    with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited or affected by
    applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other laws of
    general application relating to or affecting the rights of creditors
    and except as enforceability may be limited by rules of law governing
    specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.
 
    2.6.2                      Representations and Warranties of JVCo. 
    JVCo represents and warrants to Cytori that:
     (a)  JVCo is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
    good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and that JVCo
    has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to
    execute and deliver this Agreement and to fulfill its obligations
    under, and to consummate the transactions contemplated by, this
    Agreement.

    (b)           The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
    by JVCo will not result in any breach or violation of, or conflict
    with, any contract, agreement, undertaking, judgment, decree, order,
    law, regulation or rule to which JVCo is a party or by which JVCo or
    any of its assets are bound, provided Olympus Corporation gives its
    consent to this transaction, which shall be attached hereto as Exhibit
    I.

    (c)  This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by
    JVCo and is binding upon and enforceable against JVCo in accordance
    with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited or affected by
    applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other laws of
    general application relating to or affecting the rights of creditors,
    and except as enforceability may be limited by rules of law governing
    specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.

2.7
Indemnification.  In the event that any of the activities of Cytori in 
exercising the rights granted herein results in the assertion of any claim 
by a third party against JVCo, Cytori shall indemnify and hold harmless 
JVCo and its Affiliates, successors and assigns, and its and their 
respective directors, officers, employees and agents, from and against any 
and all claims and losses resulting from Cytori’s activities, including but 
not limited to attorneys fees and expenses. JVCo shall promptly notify 
Cytori of any such third party claim and Cytori shall have the full right 
to control the defense of such claim, provided that it selects counsel 
reasonably acceptable to JVCo, and provided it can reasonably assure JVCo 
of its financial ability to fulfill its indemnity obligation. JVCo shall 
cooperate with Cytori in the defense of such claim, and  neither party 
shall settle any such claim without the other’s prior written approval, 
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

 
2.8    Repair, Service and Warranty.  Both Parties acknowledge and agree 
that (i) Cytori shall have responsibility for repair, service and warranty 
on Cytori Licensed Products, and (ii) JVCo and Olympus shall have no 
responsibility for repair, service and warranty on Cytori Licensed 
Products.

3.
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

3.1
Confidentiality.  Each Party will keep confidential all information 
obtained by or in connection with this Agreement from the other Party, 
including marketing plans, customer information, technical information, 
trade secrets, know-how and financial information as provided for in the 
Three-Way NDA, and as otherwise provided for in the Joint Venture 
Agreements.

3.2
Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the 
laws of New York without regard to provisions regarding choice of laws.
 

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
3.3
Dispute Resolution.  All disputes arising out of or in connection with this 
Agreement, or any relationship created by or in accordance with this 
Agreement, shall be finally settled under the Rules of the American 
Arbitration Association (the “Rules”) by three arbitrators.  Judgment on 
the award rendered by the panel of arbitrators shall be binding upon the 
Parties and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  JVCo 
shall nominate one arbitrator and Cytori shall nominate one arbitrator.  
The arbitrators so nominated by JVCo and Cytori, respectively, shall 
jointly nominate the third arbitrator within fifteen (15) days following 
the confirmation of arbitrators nominated by JVCo and Cytori.  If the 
arbitrators nominated by JVCo and Cytori cannot agree on the third 
arbitrator, then such third arbitrator shall be selected as provided in the 
Rules.  The place of the arbitration and all hearings and meetings shall be 
Singapore, unless the Parties to the arbitration otherwise agree.  The 
arbitrators may order pre-hearing production or exchange of documentary 
evidence, and may require written submissions from the relevant Parties 
hereto, but may not otherwise order pre-hearing depositions or discovery.  
The arbitrators shall apply the laws of New York as set forth in Section 
3.2; provided, however, that the Federal Arbitration Act shall govern.  The 
language of the arbitral proceedings shall be English.  The arbitrators 
shall not issue any award, grant any relief or take any action that is 
prohibited by or inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement.

    No arbitration pursuant to this Section 3.3 shall be commenced until
    the Party intending to request arbitration has first given thirty (30)
    days written notice of its intent to the other Party, and has offered
    to meet and confer with one or more responsible executives of such
    other Party in an effort to resolve the dispute(s) described in detail
    in such written notice.  If one or more responsible executives of the
    other Party agree, within thirty (30) days after receipt of such
    written notice, to meet and confer with the requesting Party, then no
    arbitration shall be commenced until the Parties have met and conferred
    in an effort to resolve the dispute(s), or until sixty (60) days has
    elapsed from the date such written notice has been given.

3.4
Successors and Assigns.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the 
provisions hereof shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the 
successors and assigns of the Parties hereto whose rights or obligations 
hereunder are affected by such amendments.  Neither this Agreement nor any 
right, license, privilege or obligation provided herein may be assigned or 
transferred by either Party without the other Party’s prior written 
consent. Any purported assignment of this Agreement of any right and 
obligation therein without the written consent of the other party shall be 
null and void.

3.5
Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, the Joint Venture Agreements (and any 
amendments thereto) and the attachments, schedules and exhibits hereto, 
which are hereby expressly incorporated herein by this reference, 
constitute the entire understanding and agreement between the Parties with 
regard to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersedes, cancels 
and annuls in its entirety any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements 
and understandings, express or implied, oral or written among them with 
respect thereto.  No alteration, modification, interruption or amendment of 
this Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties unless in writing 
designated as an amendment hereto, and executed with equal formality by 
each of the Parties.

3.6
Notices.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices, 
requests, waivers and other communications made pursuant to this Agreement 
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) when 
hand delivered to the other Party; (b) when received, if sent by facsimile 
at the address and number set forth below, with a written confirmation copy 
of such facsimile sent the next business day in accordance with (c) below; 
(c) the second business day after deposit with a national overnight 
delivery service, postage prepaid, addressed to the other Party as set 
forth below, provided that the sending Party receives a confirmation of 
delivery from the delivery service provider; or (d) if earlier, when 
actually received.
 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
To Cytori:
 
3020 Callan Road, San Diego, CA 92121, U.S.A.
 
Attn:  Christopher J. Calhoun
Fax:  858-458-0995
 
To JVCo:
 
2-3 Kuboyama-cho,
Hachioji-shi, Tokyo, 192-8512, Japan
 
Attn: Masaaki Terada
Fax:  +81-426-91-7350
     
     
    A Party may change or supplement its address set forth above, or may
    designate additional addresses, for purposes of this Section 3.6, by
    giving the other Party written notice of the new address in the manner
    set forth above.

3.7
Amendments and Waivers.  No term or provision of this Agreement may be 
amended, waived, discharged or terminated orally but only by an instrument 
in writing signed by the Party against whom the enforcement of such 
amendment, waiver, discharge or termination is sought.  Any waiver shall be 
effective only in accordance with its express terms and conditions.

3.8
Cumulative Remedies.  Unless expressly so stated in this Agreement in 
respect of any particular right or remedy, the rights and remedies herein 
provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies 
provided by law.

3.9
Relationship of Parties.  This Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute 
either Party the agent, the partner, the licensee, the affiliate or the 
representative of the other Party, and neither Party shall represent to any 
third party that it has any such relationship or right of representation.

3.10
Press Release.  No public announcements or press releases shall be issued 
by either Party regarding this Agreement or any of the activities engaged 
in by the Parties or JVCo pursuant to this Agreement without the prior 
written approval of the other Party; provided, however, that either Party 
shall have the right to make such public disclosure as may be necessary or 
appropriate to comply with applicable securities or other laws.

3.11
Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed by facsimile signature in any 
number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of 
which together shall constitute one instrument.

3.12
Severability.  Should any provision of this Agreement be determined to be 
illegal or unenforceable, such determination shall not affect the remaining 
provisions of this Agreement.


[Signature page follows]


7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this License & Royalty 
Agreement as of the Effective Date.


CYTORI THERAPEUTICS, INC
OLYMPUS-CYTORI, INC.
  	 
By:  /s/ Seijiro Shirahama
By:  /s/Yasunobu Toyoshima
Title:  Sr. Vice President, Asia-Pacific
Title:  Board of Director
Date:  August 23, 2007
Date:  August 23, 2007
  	 

 

8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Exhibit I

Consent to License and Royalty Agreement

August 23, 2007

Olympus Corporation
2-3 Kuboyama-cho,
Hachioji-shi, Tokyo, 192-8512, Japan
Attn:  Mr. Shuichi Takayama


RE: Consent to License and Royalty Agreement


Dear Mr. Takayama:

Cytori Therapeutics, Inc. (Cytori) and Olympus-Cytori, Inc. (JVCo) intend 
to enter into a license and royalty agreement (Royalty Agreement) whereby 
Cytori would be allowed to develop and manufacture certain Licensed 
Products (the Cytori “Celution” devices and disposable components) for 
commercial sale in a manner that was not contemplated in the Joint Venture 
Agreements by Cytori, Olympus Corporation and the JVCo in November of 2005.

Your Company's consent is hereby requested to allow the execution of the 
Royalty Agreement by Cytori and JVCo and for the performance of each party 
of its rights and obligations contained therein. It should be noted that 
the performance of the Royalty Agreement may, during the term of that 
Agreement conflict with certain exclusive rights of the parties to the 
Joint Venture Agreements, including Section 4.6 of the License/Joint 
Development Agreement. A complete copy of the form of Royalty Agreement is 
attached hereto as Exhibit I for your reference.

Please signify your Company's consent to this Royalty Agreement and waiver 
of any conflicts that this may create with the Joint Venture Agreements by 
having an authorized person sign and date this letter below.

Thank you for your consideration.

Sincerely,

/s/ Seijiro Shirahama
Seijiro Shirahama
Sr. Vice President, Asia-Pacific


CONSENT GRANTED (for the License and Royalty Agreement by and between 
Cytori Therapeutics, Inc. and Olympus-Cytori, Inc.)

Olympus Corporation

By : /s/ Shuichi Takayama

Name: Shuichi Takayama

Title: Director, Member of the Board

Date: August 23, 2007

9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

