 EX-10.2 18 v093602_ex10-2.htm
CONSULTING SERVICES AGREEMENT
 
This Consulting Services Agreement (“Agreement”) is made as of the 10th day 
of November 2007 by and among HydroGen, L.L.C. (the “Company”), Blomenco 
B.V. (the “Consultant”), and Leo Blomen (“Mr. Blomen”).
 
BACKGROUND
 
WHEREAS, the Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing 
multi-megawatt fuel cell systems; and
 
WHEREAS, Consultant has certain expertise and experience desired by the 
Company and desires to provide services to the Company; and
 
WHEREAS, Mr. Blomen has been providing certain services to the Company 
through Consultant; and
 
WHEREAS, Mr. Blomen owns and controls Consultant and wishes to continue 
performing services to the Company through Consultant as an independent 
contractor of the Company; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company, Consultant and Mr. Blomen desire to set forth in this 
Agreement the terms and conditions of their working relationship; and
 
WHEREAS, this Agreement provides Consultant and Mr. Blomen with rights and 
entitlements to which Consultant and Mr. Blomen are not otherwise entitled;
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, 
Consultant, Mr. Blomen and the Company, intending to be legally bound, 
agree as follows:
 
1.  Recitals. The foregoing recitals are incorporated by reference as if 
fully set forth herein.
 
2.  Retention of Consultant. The Company hereby retains Consultant and 
Consultant hereby agrees to render consulting services to the Company 
pursuant to the terms and conditions described in this Agreement. This 
Agreement shall be effective as of November 10, 2007, (the “Effective 
Date”) ”), so long as the Confidential Information, Noncompetition and 
Inventions Assignment Agreement attached as Exhibit “B” to the Separation 
Agreement and General Release is duly executed by Blomenco and Leo Blomen 
by that date. The twelve month period immediately following the Effective 
Date shall be referred to herein as the “Initial Term”.
 
3.  Services.
 
(a)  All services performed by Consultant pursuant to this Agreement shall 
be performed by Leo Blomen (“Mr. Blomen”).
 
(b)  Consultant shall provide technical and other consulting services to 
the Company within the scope and hours as specifically requested by the 
Company’s Chief Executive Officer (the “Consulting Services”). Consultant 
shall perform the Consulting Services, in light of Consultant’s experience, 
subject to oversight by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, or in his 
absence, his delegate.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c)  Consultant shall perform, upon request, a minimum of 1000 hours of 
Consulting Services during the Initial Term (the “Guaranteed Services”). 
Any services provided by Mr. Blomen as a member of the Board of Directors 
of HydroGen Corporation will not be included in calculating the Guaranteed 
Services. Travel time shall count as 50% of working hours.
 
(d)  The Company may, in its sole discretion, authorize Consultant to 
perform some or all of the Guaranteed Services, but shall pay Consultant 
for the full 1000 hours of Guaranteed Services, unless payment is not due 
as provided in Paragraph 8 or Paragraph 9(b) below.
 
4.  Independent Contractor Status.
 
(a)  Consultant and Mr. Blomen are independent contractors and not 
employees of the Company. Nothing in this Agreement shall establish an 
employer-employee relationship between the Company and Consultant or 
between the Company and Mr. Blomen.
 
(b)  It is the parties intent and understanding that no employment 
relationship exists between Consultant or Mr. Blomen and the Company. 
Accordingly, neither Consultant nor Mr. Blomen will be treated as an 
employee of the Company for purposes of employment taxes, federal and state 
income tax withholding, social security taxes, city and county taxes, 
employee benefit provisions, workers' compensation and state and federal 
unemployment compensation. Consultant is solely responsible for the payment 
of federal self-employment and all other federal, state and local taxes 
assessed against or otherwise due from Consultant or Mr. Blomen, if any, 
for matters occurring after the execution of this Consulting Agreement, and 
agrees to repay the Company for any tax withholding or taxes it pays (other 
than penalties) as a result of Consultant or Leo Blomen’s nonpayment on a 
timely basis.
 
(c)  Neither Consultant nor Mr. Blomen shall be eligible for any 
Company-provided benefits, including but not limited to medical, disability 
or other insurance, vacation, holiday or sick pay, or any other 
compensation or consideration commonly known as fringe benefits.
 
(d)  Consultant’s and Mr. Blomen’s place of work shall be Consultant’s own 
offices, not the Company's workplace. Mr. Blomen will, however, be required 
to make periodic visits to the Company’s offices upon request of the 
Company’s Chief Executive Officer. The Company will not establish hours or 
days of work for Consultant or Mr. Blomen. The Company will not control the 
manner and method by which Consultant or Mr. Blomen renders services.
 
(e)  Consultant is generally free to provide services to any other 
organization or company, so long as such work does not interfere with 
Consultant’s work for the Company and does not violate the Confidential 
Information, Noncompetition and Invention Assignment Agreement referenced 
in Paragraph 9(a) below.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
5.  Fees.
 
(a)  Consulting Services. The Company shall pay Consultant at the rate of 
€175 per hour for the Consulting Services (the “Hourly Rate”) which shall 
not include any travel time or any services as a Director of HydroGen 
Corporation. The Company shall assume the full currency risk associated 
with payment in Euros. All Consulting Services must be described in 
itemized invoices specifying the date, nature and amount of time for all 
Consulting Services. Consultant shall submit such invoices to the Company's 
Chief Executive Officer within thirty days after the last day of the month 
in which the Consulting Services are rendered. Payment shall be made by the 
Company on all approved invoices within thirty days of receipt.
 
(b)  Travel Time. The Company shall pay Consultant for Mr. Blomen’s travel 
time reasonably required in connection with the performance of the 
Consulting Services, at one half of the Hourly Rate. Such hours billed for 
travel time shall be counted toward hours of Guaranteed Services or 
Guaranteed Post-Notice Services, as applicable.
 
(c)  Board Services. The Company shall pay Consultant in equal monthly 
payments at a yearly rate of €25,000 for Mr. Blomen’s service as Chairman 
of the Board of Directors of HydroGen Corporation following the Effective 
Date, so long as Mr. Blomen continues to serve as Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of HydroGen Corporation and this Agreement remains in effect. 
However, this Consulting Agreement will continue in effect whether or not 
Mr. Blomen serves as Chairman of the Board until terminated pursuant to its 
terms.
 
(d)  Expense Reimbursements. The Company shall reimburse Consultant for the 
cost of airfare and reasonable travel expenses for visits by Mr. Blomen to 
the Company or such other travel authorized by the Company’s Chief 
Executive Officer, consistent with Company policy. Consultant may utilize 
business class on international flights. Consultant shall be reimbursed for 
all cell phone charges reasonably incurred in connection with providing 
Consulting Services. All expenses incurred must be documented with original 
receipts and submitted promptly to the Company for reimbursement, but in no 
event later than thirty days after they are incurred.
 
6.  Termination and Notice of Termination. The Agreement shall be effective 
for the Initial Term, unless terminated automatically in accordance with 
paragraph 9(b) below or by the Company for Cause. Any party may terminate 
this Agreement for any or no reason, with or without Cause, upon six 
months’ written notice to the other parties, so long as the effective date 
of the termination occurs no earlier than six (6) months after the 
expiration of the Initial Term. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement 
to the contrary, the Company may terminate this Agreement at any time for 
Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, “Cause” shall mean if Consultant or 
Mr. Blomen fail to perform Consulting Services reasonably assigned, engage 
in intentional wrongdoing in connection with the performance of Consulting 
Services, perform such service negligently or in an unsatisfactory manner, 
or breach any contract with the Company.
 
7.  Guaranteed Post-Notice Services and Pay. If any of the parties provide 
six months' advance written notice that the Agreement is being terminated 
without Cause in accordance with paragraph 6, in each month of the notice 
period occurring after the Initial Term:
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(a)  Consultant shall, upon request, provide up to the number of hours of 
Consulting Services as Consultant provided during the preceding 12 month 
period, divided by 12 (the “Guaranteed Post-Notice Services”).
 
(b)  The Company may, in its sole discretion, authorize Consultant to 
perform some or all of the Guaranteed Post-Notice Services or waive the 
requirement that Consultant performs services.
 
(c)  The Company will pay Consultant for the full number of hours (as 
calculated in paragraph 7(a)) of the Guaranteed Post-Notice Services, 
unless the Agreement is terminated for Cause by the Company, whether or not 
Consulting Services are requested by the Company.
 
8.  Payments Following Termination of the Agreement. Regardless of the 
reason for termination of this Agreement and regardless of whether 
termination is by the Company or Consultant, the Company shall pay 
Consultant: (i) the full amount of any accrued but unpaid consulting fees 
due under paragraph 5(a)-(c) for hours of Consulting Services already 
performed; and (ii) any accrued but unreimbursed travel expenses due 
pursuant to Paragraph 5(d); (iii) any accrued but unpaid payments due under 
Paragraph 7 of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this Agreement, in the event of a termination by the Company for Cause or 
pursuant to 9(b) below, no payment shall be due for the Guaranteed Services 
or Guaranteed Post-Notice Services for any hours of Consulting Services not 
performed.
 
9.   (a)        Confidential Information, Noncompetition, and Invention 
Assignment. This Agreement shall not commence unless and until and is 
contingent upon Consultant’s and Mr. Blomen’s execution of the Confidential 
Information, Noncompetition and Inventions Assignment Agreement attached as 
“Exhibit 1” to this Agreement, which shall be executed prior to or 
simultaneously herewith. The termination of this Agreement for any reason 
shall not affect the enforceability of the Confidential Information, 
Noncompetition and Inventions Assignment Agreement.
 
(b)  Separation Agreement. This Agreement shall automatically terminate 
without action by any party if either Mr. Blomen or Consultant: (i) does 
not enter into and deliver to the Company, on or before the twenty first 
day following the Effective Date, the Separation Agreement attached to this 
Agreement as Exhibit "2"; or (ii) timely revokes the Separation Agreement. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if this 
Agreement is terminated pursuant to this Paragraph 9(b), no payment shall 
be due for the Guaranteed Services for any Consulting Services not 
performed. 
 
10.  General Provisions.
 
(a)  Governing Law and Forum. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of Pennsylvania, without giving 
effect to any conflict of laws provisions. Any court action instituted by 
Consultant or on Consultant’s behalf relating in any way to this Agreement 
or to Consultant’s relationship with the Company shall be filed exclusively 
in federal or state court in the County of Allegheny, State of Pennsylvania 
and Consultant consents to the jurisdiction and venue of these courts in 
any action instituted by the Company against Consultant.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b)  Severability. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to violate any law 
or shall be interpreted to violate any law. In the event that any provision 
contained in this Agreement shall be determined by any court of competent 
jurisdiction to be overbroad and/or unenforceable, then the court making 
such determination shall have the authority to modify the provision as 
necessary to make it enforceable and the provision shall then be 
enforceable in its narrowed form. Moreover, each provision of this 
Agreement is independent of and severable from each other. In the event 
that any provision in this Agreement is determined to be legally invalid or 
unenforceable by a court and is not modified by a court to be enforceable, 
the affected provision shall be stricken from the Agreement, and the 
remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full, force and 
effect. For purposes of this Paragraph 10(b), a “provision” of this 
Agreement shall mean any paragraph or subparagraph of this Agreement or any 
sentence or clause within any paragraph or subparagraph of this Agreement.
 
(c)  Survival. Paragraphs 8, 9(a)-(b), and 10(a)-(g) shall remain in full 
force and effect after the termination of this Agreement for any reason.
 
(d)  Notices. All notices, requests or other communications provided for in 
this Agreement shall be made, if to the Company, to the Chief Executive 
Officer of the Company, with a copy to the General Counsel of the Company, 
at the Company’s principal executive office, located at 10 East 40th 
Street, Suite 3405, New York, New York 10016-0301 and if to Consultant or 
Mr. Blomen, to Mr. Blomen at Gortelseweg 3, 8076 PR Vierhouten, Netherlands 
(or to such other address as the Company, Blomenco or Mr. Blomen may give 
to the other in writing for purposes of notice hereunder). All notices, 
requests or other communications required or permitted by this Agreement 
shall be made in writing either (a) by personal delivery to the party 
entitled thereto, (b) by mailing via certified mail, postage prepaid, 
return receipt requested, in the United States mails to the last known 
address of the party entitled thereto, (c) by reputable overnight courier 
service, or (d) by facsimile with confirmation of receipt. The notice, 
request or other communication shall be deemed to be received upon actual 
receipt by the party entitled thereto; provided, however, that if a notice, 
request or other communication is not received during regular business 
hours, it shall be deemed to be received on the next succeeding business 
day of the Company.
 
(e)  Entire Agreement and Modification. This Agreement, the Separation 
Agreement and General Release and the Exhibits thereto, constitute the 
entire agreement by or among the parties and supersedes any and all prior 
representations, agreements, written or oral, expressed or implied, by or 
on behalf of the Company, HydroGen Corporation or any agent thereof. This 
Agreement may not be modified or amended other than by an agreement in 
writing signed by Blomenco, Leo Blomen and the Company’s Chief Executive 
Officer or President. Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of any 
party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall 
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other of further 
exercise of the same or any other right, remedy, power, or privilege with 
respect to any occurrence or be construed as a waiver of any right, remedy, 
power, or privilege with respect to any other occurrence.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(f)  Assignment and Succession. This Agreement shall be binding upon the 
Company and its successors and assigns. The Company shall require any 
successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation 
or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of 
the Company expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the 
same manner and to the same extent that the Company would have been 
required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. Consultant 
expressly consents to the assignment of the Agreement to any new owner of 
the Company’s business or purchaser of the Company. Consultant’s rights and 
obligations hereunder may not be assigned by Consultant except as expressly 
provided herein.
 
(g)  Headings; Counterparts.  The headings of paragraphs in this Agreement 
are for convenience only and shall not affect its interpretation. This 
Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed to be an original and all of which, when taken together, shall be 
deemed to constitute but one and the same Agreement.
 
* * *
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound, the parties have 
executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.
 
 
BLOMENCO, B.V. 	  	HYDROGEN, L.L.C.
  	  	  	  	 
By:
/s/ Leo Blomen 	  	
By:
/s/ Joshua Tosteson
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leo Blomen, on behalf of
 Blomenco, B.V.
  	  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Joshua Tosteson
President
  	 	  	  	
Dated:  	11/10/07 	  	Dated:  	11/10/07
  	  	  	  	 
Witness:  	/s/ Christopher J. Garofalo 	  	Witness:  	/s/ Christopher J. 
Garofalo
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	
/s/ Leo Blomen
  	  	 
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leo Blomen, on his own behalf
  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
Dated: 	11/10/07 	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
Witness:  	/s/ Christopher J. Garofalo
------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	  	 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
         