 EX-10.1 2 v093572_ex10-1.htm
 
Exhibit 10.1

 
Frezer, Inc.
936A Beachland Boulevard, Suite 13
Vero Beach, Florida 32963


Strictly Private and Confidential

November 7, 2007

Mr. Peter B. Williamson
Chairman of the Board
Breakthrough Venture Corp.
122 Sherbourne Street
Toronto, Ontario M5A 2R4
Canada

Re: Letter of Intent

Dear Mr. Williamson:

Further to our recent discussions, this letter of intent (“LOI”) summarizes 
the terms upon which Frezer, Inc. (“FRZR”) intends to combine with 
Breakthrough Venture Corp. (“Breakthrough”) either through a merger between 
Breakthrough and a wholly owned subsidiary of FRZR, or an exchange of 
shares of stock of Breakthrough for shares of common stock, par value 
$0.001 per share (“Common Stock”) of FRZR (the “Merger”). The parties 
intend to begin preparation of agreements necessary for the Merger 
(“Definitive Agreements”) in accordance with the following terms:

  	
1.
Merger. At closing of the Merger (“Closing”), FRZR will issue restricted 
shares of its convertible preferred stock to the existing stockholders of 
Breakthrough (“Existing Holders”). The preferred shares will be convertible 
into shares of FRZR’s common stock (“Conversion Shares”) and shall have the 
right to vote along with the common stock, on an as-converted basis, on all 
matters on which the common stock is entitled to vote. The Conversion 
Shares issued to the Existing Holders, in the aggregate, together with any 
outstanding options, warrants and other convertible securities 
(“Securities”) of Breakthrough that are assumed by FRZR in connection with 
the Merger, along with any securities issued to investors in the private 
placement offering (“Offering”), will represent 96% of the issued and 
outstanding shares of common stock of FRZR on a fully diluted and 
as-converted basis following the Merger. The parties acknowledge that the 
structure will be designed to satisfy Breakthrough’s desire to remain a 
Canadian controlled company for tax purposes.

     The Merger Agreement will contain warranties, representations,
     covenants and conditions as are customary for transactions of this
     nature, including indemnification from AAAA for six months following
     closing to the extent of the reverse merger fee, subject to a “basket”
     as to which no claim can be made until all such claims for
     indemnification exceed $75,000.

  	
2.
Private Placement. A condition to Closing will be the completion of a 
private placement of securities raising gross proceeds of at least $14 
million on terms substantially in accordance with the terms described in 
the attached Schedule A (the “Offering”). Breakthrough will engage BBBB as 
its exclusive placement agent for the Offering in the manner described on 
Schedule A. The parties desire the Offering to be completed no later than 
March 15, 2008.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 



  	
3.
Consultant. At Closing, David J. Levenson will be issued a number of shares 
of restricted common stock of FRZR equal to 0.4% of the fully-diluted 
common stock of FRZR post-Closing.  For purposes of clarity, the 
shareholders of Breakthrough immediately prior to the Closing, along with 
new investors in the Offering, will hold 96% of the fully-diluted common 
stock of FRZR post-Closing, the stockholders of FRZR immediately prior to 
the Closing will hold 3.6% of the fully-diluted common stock of FRZR 
post-Closing, and David J. Levenson will hold 0.4% of the fully-diluted 
common stock of FRZR post-Closing.

     In addition, Mr. Levenson will receive a $37,500 consulting fee from
     CCCC.

  	
4.
Audit. A condition to Closing will be that Breakthrough shall have 
delivered the balance sheet as of the end of the last fiscal year and the 
related statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for 
the last two fiscal years ended October 31, 2007, audited by an accounting 
firm which is registered with the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight 
Board (“PCAOB”) (“Accountant"), and the reviewed interim financial 
statements for the three months ended January 31, 2008, with all such 
statements having been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted 
accounting principles, SEC rules and regulations, (collectively, the 
“Financial Statements”);
 
  	
5.
Registration. DDDD, Kevin R. Keating and Garisch Financial, Inc. 
(collectively, the “Current FRZR Holders”) will receive piggyback 
registration rights with respect to all FRZR common stock owned by them as 
a condition to the Merger. Even if registered, the shares held DDDD would 
be subject to a lock-up permitting sale starting six months after the 
effectiveness of the registration statement with respect to shares 
underlying securities issued in the Financing

  	
6.
Additional Conditions. All necessary consents of third parties will be 
obtained prior to Closing. Definitive Agreements will contain customary 
representations, warranties and covenants. The board of directors of FRZR 
and the board of directors and shareholders of Breakthrough shall have 
approved the Definitive Agreements. The parties desire Closing to be 
completed no later than March 15, 2008.

  	
7.
Additional Agreements.

  	
a.
Board Seat. Breakthrough agrees to use its best efforts to include on its 
Board for a period of one (1) year following the Closing a person 
designated by DDDD, which designee shall be subject to the reasonable 
consent of the management of Breakthrough. At Closing, Breakthrough will 
deliver voting agreements on behalf of current Breakthrough shareholders 
who will represent more than 50% of the outstanding voting stock of FRZR 
following the Merger agreeing to vote for person designated by DDDD.

  	
b.
After Market Support. Breakthrough agrees to engage EEEE, a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of CCCC, to provide a comprehensive investor relations and after 
market support program (including development and execution of a plan for a 
NASDAQ listing) for a term of twelve (12) months following the Closing, or 
until such time as Breakthrough becomes listed on NASDAQ. Professional fees 
for these services are $10,000 per month payable quarterly in advance 
during the term. EEEE professional fees and $240,000 for third-party 
expenses in connection with after market support campaigns will be escrowed 
at Closing of the Merger and the Offering. All third-party expenses will be 
subject to approval in advance by Breakthrough.

 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 



  	
8.
No-Shop. In consideration of the expense and effort that will be expended 
by FRZR and Breakthrough in due diligence and the negotiation of the 
Definitive Agreements, neither Breakthrough nor its affiliates will, 
directly or indirectly, solicit or entertain offers from, negotiate with or 
in any manner encourage, discuss, accept or consider any proposal of any 
other person or entity relating to a transaction of the type set forth 
herein or any other potential merger, acquisition, sale or financing 
transaction (other than the Offering to take place prior to the Closing) 
until the earlier to occur of: (i) March 31, 2008, if and only if the 
Offering has not been completed prior to March 31, 2008, (ii) the Closing, 
or (iii) the date on which FRZR and Breakthrough mutually agree in writing 
to discontinue negotiations. Neither FRZR, AAAA, nor DDDD, nor any of their 
officers, directors, employees, stockholders, advisors, representatives or 
affiliates will enter into or continue any negotiations or discussions with 
other parties relating to a reverse acquisition or reverse merger 
transaction involving FRZR until the earlier to occur of: (i) March 31, 
2008, if and only if the Offering has not been completed prior to March 31, 
2008, (ii) the Closing, or (iii) the date on which FRZR and Breakthrough 
mutually agree in writing to discontinue negotiations.

  	
9.
Definitive Agreements; Consents. FRZR and Breakthrough shall negotiate in 
good faith to arrive at mutually acceptable Definitive Agreements for 
approval, execution and delivery on the earliest practicable date. The 
parties shall cooperate with each other and proceed, as promptly as is 
reasonably practicable, to seek to obtain all necessary consents and 
approvals, if any, from third parties or governmental entities, and to 
endeavor to comply with all other legal or contractual requirements for, or 
preconditions to, the execution and consummation of the Definitive 
Agreements.

  	
10.
Confidentiality. The parties each covenant and agree that, except as 
consented to by the parties, neither they nor any of their respective 
officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives will disclose any 
confidential information of the other to any third party, except (i) as 
required by law or regulation (including applicable securities regulations) 
or (ii) to a party’s accountants, lawyers, employees, advisors and 
representatives in connection with evaluating whether to proceed with 
negotiating and closing the transactions contemplated herein or (iii) in 
connection with obtaining consents required by the Definitive Agreements. 
All confidential information will be returned to the other party if the 
Merger or Offering are not completed. Neither party will make any public 
comment, statement or communication with respect to, or otherwise disclose 
or permit the disclosure of the existence of discussions regarding, a 
possible transaction among the parties or any of the terms, conditions or 
other aspects of the transactions described herein. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the parties acknowledge that FRZR will prepare and file a 
Current Report on Form 8-K to report the execution of this LOI.

  	
11.
Costs. Each party shall be responsible for and bear all of their own costs 
and expenses incurred in connection with the proposed transaction. 
Breakthrough will pay CCCC an advisory fee of $500,000 for advisory 
services rendered to FRZR in connection with the Merger (“Advisory Fee”). A 
non-refundable due diligence fee of $25,000 is payable upon signing this 
LOI. The balance of $475,000 shall be payable at the Closing of the Merger. 
In addition, Breakthrough shall be responsible for completing a Kroll 
background check on Breakthrough and its two principal officers.

  	
12.
No Material Changes in Business. From and after the date of this LOI until 
the earliest to occur of the termination of this LOI, March 31, 2008, or 
the date of execution of the Definitive Agreements, the parties will use 
commercially reasonable efforts to maintain their respective businesses in 
accordance with customary practices and otherwise to conduct their 
respective businesses in the ordinary course in the manner in which it has 
heretofore been conducted and to preserve their business relationships with 
customers, suppliers and content providers. During such time, Breakthrough 
shall notify FRZR of any action outside the ordinary course of business or 
any commitment involving more than $20,000. FRZR shall notify Breakthrough 
of any action outside the ordinary course of business or any commitment 
involving more than $20,000.

 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 



  	
13.
Binding Nature of Letter. Sections 1-6 of this LOI (the “Non-Binding 
Provisions”) reflect our mutual understanding of the matters described in 
them, but each party acknowledges that the Nonbinding Provisions are not 
intended to create or constitute any legally binding obligation between the 
parties. No party to this LOI shall have any liability to any other party 
based upon, arising from, or relating to the Non-Binding Provisions. 
Sections 7-12 of this LOI (the “Binding Provisions”) shall constitute the 
legally binding and enforceable agreement of the parties (in recognition of 
the significant costs to be borne by the parties in pursuing the 
transactions set forth herein). The Binding Provisions (along with the rest 
of this LOI) may be terminated (i) by mutual written consent of both 
parties; or (ii) upon written notice by either party to the other if the 
Definitive Agreements have not been executed by December 31, 2007, 
provided, however, that the termination of the Binding Provisions shall not 
affect the liability for breach of any of the Binding Provisions prior to 
the termination.

  	
14.
Counterparts, etc. This LOI may be executed in separate counterparts, none 
of which need to contain all the signatures of all parties, each of which 
shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which taken together 
constitute one and the same instrument. The Binding Provisions may only be 
amended in writing signed by both parties. The Binding Provisions reflect 
the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter 
thereof. This LOI may not be assigned. Telecopied or email (via PDF) 
signatures shall be deemed to have the same effect as an original. This LOI 
shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Colorado. Any 
dispute arising hereunder shall be resolved through binding arbitration to 
be held in Denver, Colorado in accordance with the international rules of 
the American Arbitration Association.

[Remainder of this page left blank.]

 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


If you are in agreement with the foregoing as a basis for negotiating 
Definitive Agreements between us with respect to the matters set forth 
herein, please return a signed copy of this LOI to the undersigned no later 
than November 7, 2007, after which time this LOI will expire if not so 
accepted.
 
  	
Sincerely,
  	  	 
  	
Frezer, Inc.
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	
By:
/s/ Kevin R. Keating
  	  	
Kevin R. Keating, President

    ACCEPTED AND AGREED:
     
      	  	 
    Breakthrough Venture Corp.
     
      	  	 
      	  	 
    By:
      /s/ Peter B. Williamson
     
      	
    Peter B. Williamson, Chairman of the Board
     

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SCHEDULE A

TERMS OF OFFERING

  	
Issuer:
Frezer, Inc. (“Frezer).

  	
Exclusive Placement Agent:
BBBB, operating on a “best efforts” basis, Placement Agent Agreement 
(“Placement Agreement”) to be entered into on or before November 23, 2007, 
with Frezer and Breakthrough Venture Corp. (“Breakthrough”).

  	
Amount to be Raised:
$14 million.

  	
Securities to be Issued:
Investment units (the “Units”) of common stock and warrants (or preferred 
stock equivalents automatically convertible into common stock and 
warrants). Investors will receive 50% warrant coverage at an exercise price 
of 125% of the unit offering price. See Schedule B for a post-offering and 
reverse merger capitalization table on a fully-diluted basis.

  	
Pre-Money Valuation:
$37 million.

  	
Warrants:
The Warrants will be exercisable, in whole or in part, at an exercise price 
equal to 125% of the offering price. The Warrants may be exercised at any 
time beginning on the date of issuance and ending on the fifth anniversary 
of the final closing of the Offering.
  	  	 
  	
Forced Exercise:
Breakthrough will have the right to require the Warrant holder to exercise 
the Warrant if the common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Capital market and, 
for a period of 20 consecutive trading days, the closing bid price of the 
common stock has been above $1.50 per share and the daily trading volume 
has been at least 200,000 shares, in each case on each of the 20 
consecutive trading days.

  	
Offering Materials:
Private Placement Memorandum including all “Form 10 Information” as defined 
by SEC rules.

  	
Compensation:
The Placement Agent shall receive (i) 7% of the gross proceeds raised in 
the Offering, (ii) a non-accountable expense allowance (“Allowance”) of 2% 
of the gross proceeds raised in the Offering, including a $25,000 
non-refundable advance against the Allowance upon signing the Placement 
Agreement, and (iii) five-year cashless, non-redeemable warrants to 
purchase 10% of the number of shares of common stock sold in the Offering 
(excluding any common stock underlying the warrants included as part of the 
Offering) at an exercise price equal to 125% of the offering price, sold 
for a nominal price (“Agent Warrants”).

 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


  	
Registration:
Frezer will, and Breakthrough will cause Frezer, to register for resale on 
a registration statement (“Registration Statement”) to be filed with the 
SEC within thirty days following the Closing (the “Filing Deadline”): (i) 
the shares of its common stock sold in the Offering (“Common Stock”), and 
(ii) the shares of its common stock underlying the warrants issued in the 
Offering (“Equity Warrants”). The Registration Statement will be declared 
effective by the SEC within 120 days after the Closing (the “Effectiveness 
Deadline”). In the event the Registration Statement is not filed or 
declared effective in a timely manner, Breakthrough and Frezer will be 
required to pay customary penalties to investors in the Offering as 
described below. The Effectiveness Deadline can be extended for up to an 
additional 60 days solely as a result of responding to comments from the 
Securities and Exchange Commission relating to SEC Rule 415.

  	
Registration Penalties:
If the Registration Statement is not filed by the Filing Deadline or does 
not become effective by the Effectiveness Deadline, Breakthrough will be 
required to pay Investors in cash an amount equal to 1% of the purchase 
price of each Unit held by Investors on such Filing Deadline, Effectiveness 
Deadline, as applicable, and for every 30 day period (or part) thereafter, 
in each case until cured (“Registration Delay Payments”), provided that the 
Registration Delay Payments shall not exceed 10% of the purchase price of 
the Offering. In the event that the Registration Delay Payments are not 
made in a timely manner, such Registration Delay Payments shall bear 
interest at a rate of 1.5% per month (or the highest amount permitted by 
law, if lower) until paid in full.

 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 