 EX-10.47 2 etrials_10qsb-ex1047.htm EXHIBIT 10.47
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Exhibit 10.47
 
 

Approved by Board of Directors on August 9, 2005
Approved by Shareholders on February 9, 2006
Name Change Amendment approved by Board of Directors on February 22, 2006
Section 3.1 First Amendment approved by Board of Directors on April 6, 2006
Section 3.1 First Amendment approved by Shareholders on June 13, 2006.
Section 3.1 Second Amendment approved by Board of Directors on May 18, 2007
Section 3.1 Second Amendment approval by Shareholders is pending
Code Section 409A Amendments approved by the Board of Directors on 
September 7, 2007.


etrials Worldwide, Inc.
(formerly CEA Acquisition Corporation)

2005 Performance Equity Plan
 
1.    Purpose; Definitions.
 
1.1  Purpose. The purpose of the etrials Worldwide, Inc. 2005 Performance 
Equity Plan is to enable the Company to offer to its employees, officers, 
directors and consultants whose past, present and/or potential 
contributions to the Company and its Subsidiaries have been, are or will be 
important to the success of the Company, an opportunity to acquire a 
proprietary interest in the Company. The various types of long-term 
incentive awards that may be provided under the Plan will enable the 
Company to respond to changes in compensation practices, tax laws, 
accounting regulations and the size and diversity of its businesses.
 
1.2  Definitions. For purposes of the Plan, the following terms will have 
the meanings set forth below:
 
(a)  “Agreement” means the agreement between the Company and the Holder, 
including any amendment thereto or such other document as may be determined 
by the Committee, setting forth the terms and conditions of an award under 
the Plan.
 
(b)  “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.
 
(c)  “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time 
to time.
 
(d)  “Committee” means the Compensation Committee of the Board or any other 
committee of the Board that the Board may designate to administer the Plan 
or any portion thereof. If no Committee is so designated, then all 
references in this Plan to “Committee” will mean the Board.
 
(e)  “Common Stock” means the Common Stock of the Company, $0.0001 par 
value per share.
 
(f)  “Company” means etrials Worldwide, Inc. (formerly CEA Acquisition 
Corporation), a corporation organized under the laws of the State of 
Delaware.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(g)  “Disability” means physical or mental impairment as determined under 
procedures established by the Committee for purposes of the Plan.
 
(h)  “Effective Date” means the date set forth in Section 12.1, below.
 
(i)  “Fair Market Value”, unless otherwise required by any applicable 
provision of the Code or any regulations issued thereunder, means, as of 
any given date: (i) if the Common Stock is listed on a national securities 
exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq National Market or Nasdaq SmallCap Market, 
the last sale price of the Common Stock in the principal trading market for 
the Common Stock on such date, as reported by the exchange or Nasdaq, as 
the case may be; (ii) if the Common Stock is not listed on a national 
securities exchange or quoted on the Nasdaq National Market or Nasdaq 
SmallCap Market, but is traded in the over-the-counter market, the closing 
bid price for the Common Stock on such date, as reported by the OTC 
Bulletin Board or the National Quotation Bureau, Incorporated or similar 
publisher of such quotations; and (iii) if the fair market value of the 
Common Stock cannot be determined pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, 
such price as the Committee determines in good faith.
 
(j)  “Holder” means a person who has received an award under the Plan.
 
(k)  “Incentive Stock Option” means any Stock Option intended to be and 
designated as an “incentive stock option” within the meaning of Section 422 
of the Code.
 
(l)  “Nonqualified Stock Option” means any Stock Option that is not an 
Incentive Stock Option.
 
(m)  “Normal Retirement” means retirement from active employment with the 
Company or any Subsidiary on or after such age which may be designated by 
the Committee as “retirement age” for any particular Holder. If no age is 
designated, it will be 65.
 
(n)  “Other Stock-Based Award” means an award under Section 9, below, that 
is valued in whole or in part by reference to, or is otherwise based upon, 
Common Stock.
 
(o)  “Parent” means any present or future “parent corporation” of the 
Company, as such term is defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.
 
(p)  “Plan” means the etrials Worldwide, Inc. 2005 Performance Equity Plan, 
as hereinafter amended from time to time.
 
(q)  “Repurchase Value” means the Fair Market Value in the event the award 
to be settled under Section 2.2(h) or repurchased under Section 10.2 is 
comprised of shares of Common Stock and means the difference between Fair 
Market Value and the Exercise Price (if lower than Fair Market Value) in 
the event the award is a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right; in each 
case, multiplied by the number of shares subject to the award.
 
(r)  “Restricted Stock” means Common Stock received under an award made 
pursuant to Section 7, below, that is subject to restrictions under said 
Section 7.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(s)  “SAR Value” means the excess of the Fair Market Value (on the exercise 
date) over the exercise price that the participant would have otherwise had 
to pay to exercise the related Stock Option, multiplied by the number of 
shares for which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised.
 
(t)  “Stock Appreciation Right” means the right to receive from the 
Company, on surrender of all or part of the related Stock Option, without a 
cash payment to the Company, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 
the SAR Value divided by the Fair Market Value (on the exercise date).
 
(u)  “Stock Option” or “Option” means any option to purchase shares of 
Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the Plan.
 
(v)  “Stock Reload Option” means any option granted under Section 5.3 of 
the Plan.
 
(w)  “Subsidiary” means any present or future “subsidiary corporation” of 
the Company, as such term is defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.
 
(x)  “Vest” means to become exercisable or to otherwise obtain ownership 
rights in an award.
 
2.    Administration.
 
2.1  Committee Membership. The Plan will be administered by the Board or a 
Committee. Committee members will serve for such term as the Board may in 
each case determine, and are subject to removal at any time by the Board. 
The Committee members, to the extent possible and deemed to be appropriate 
by the Board, will be “non-employee directors” as defined in Rule 16b-3 
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
(“Exchange Act”), and “outside directors” within the meaning of Section 
162(m) of the Code.
 
2.2  Powers of Committee. The Committee has full authority to award, 
pursuant to the terms of the Plan: (i) Stock Options, (ii) Stock 
Appreciation Rights, (iii) Restricted Stock, (iv) Stock Reload Options 
and/or (v) Other Stock-Based Awards. For purposes of illustration and not 
of limitation, the Committee has the authority (subject to the express 
provisions of this Plan):
 
(a)  to select the officers, employees, directors and consultants of the 
Company or any Subsidiary to whom Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, 
Restricted Stock, Deferred Stock, Reload Stock Options and/or Other 
Stock-Based Awards may from time to time be awarded hereunder.
 
(b)  to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms 
of the Plan, of any award granted hereunder (including, but not limited to, 
number of shares, share exercise price or types of consideration paid upon 
exercise of such options, such as other securities of the Company or other 
property, any restrictions or limitations, and any vesting, exchange, 
surrender, cancellation, acceleration, termination, exercise or forfeiture 
provisions, as the Committee may determine);
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c)  to determine any specified performance goals or such other factors or 
criteria which need to be attained for the vesting of an award granted 
hereunder;
 
(d)  to determine the terms and conditions under which awards granted 
hereunder are to operate on a tandem basis and/or in conjunction with or 
apart from other equity awarded under this Plan and cash and non-cash 
awards made by the Company or any Subsidiary outside of this Plan;
 
(e)  to substitute (i) new Stock Options for previously granted Stock 
Options, which previously granted Stock Options have higher option exercise 
prices and/or contain other less favorable terms, and (ii) new awards of 
any other type for previously granted awards of the same type, which 
previously granted awards are upon less favorable terms; and
 
(f)  to make payments and distributions with respect to awards (i.e., to 
“settle” awards) through cash payments in an amount equal to the Repurchase 
Value.
 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Committee 
shall not grant to any one Holder in any one calendar year awards for more 
than 500,000 shares in the aggregate.
 
2.3  Interpretation of Plan.
 
(a)  Committee Authority. Subject to Section 11, below, the Committee has 
the authority to adopt, alter and repeal such administrative rules, 
guidelines and practices governing the Plan as it from time to time deems 
advisable to interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any award 
issued under the Plan (and to determine the form and substance of all 
Agreements relating thereto), and to otherwise supervise the administration 
of the Plan. Subject to Section 11, below, all decisions made by the 
Committee pursuant to the provisions of the Plan will be made in the 
Committee’s sole discretion and will be final and binding upon all persons, 
including the Company, its Subsidiaries and Holders.
 
(b)  Incentive Stock Options. Anything in the Plan to the contrary 
notwithstanding, no term or provision of the Plan relating to Incentive 
Stock Options (including but not limited to Stock Reload Options or Stock 
Appreciation rights granted in conjunction with an Incentive Stock Option) 
or any Agreement providing for Incentive Stock Options will be interpreted, 
amended or altered, nor will any discretion or authority granted under the 
Plan be so exercised, so as to disqualify the Plan under Section 422 of the 
Code or, without the consent of the Holder(s) affected, to disqualify any 
Incentive Stock Option under such Section 422.
    
3.    Stock Subject to Plan.
 
3.1  Number of Shares. The total number of shares of Common Stock reserved 
and available for issuance under the Plan is 3,500,000 shares. Shares of 
Common Stock under the Plan may consist, in whole or in part, of authorized 
and unissued shares or treasury shares. If any shares of Common Stock that 
have been granted pursuant to a Stock Option cease to be subject to a Stock 
Option, or if any shares of Common Stock that are subject to any Stock 
Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock award, Reload Stock Option or Other 
Stock-Based Award granted hereunder are forfeited or any such award 
otherwise terminates without a payment being made to the Holder in the form 
of Common Stock, such shares will again be available for distribution in 
connection with future grants and awards under the Plan. If a Holder pays 
the exercise price of a Stock Option by surrendering any previously owned 
shares and/or arranges to have the appropriate number of shares otherwise 
issuable upon exercise withheld to cover the withholding tax liability 
associated with the Stock Option exercise, then the number of shares 
available under the Plan will be increased by the lesser of (i) the number 
of such surrendered shares and shares used to pay taxes; and (ii) the 
number of shares purchased under such Stock Option.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
3.2  Adjustment Upon Changes in Capitalization, Etc. In the event of any 
merger, reorganization, consolidation, common stock dividend payable on 
shares of Common Stock, Common Stock split or reverse split, combination or 
exchange of shares of Common Stock, or other extraordinary or unusual event 
which results in a change in the shares of Common Stock of the Company as a 
whole, the Committee will determine, in its sole discretion, whether such 
change equitably requires an adjustment in the terms of any award 
(including number of shares subject to the award and the exercise price) or 
the aggregate number of shares reserved for issuance under the Plan. Any 
such adjustments will be made by the Committee, whose determination will be 
final, binding and conclusive.
 
4.    Eligibility.
 
Awards may be made or granted to employees, officers, directors and 
consultants who are deemed to have rendered or to be able to render 
significant services to the Company or its Subsidiaries and who are deemed 
to have contributed or to have the potential to contribute to the success 
of the Company. No Incentive Stock Option will be granted to any person who 
is not an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary at the time of grant. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, an award may be made or granted to a person 
in connection with his hiring or retention, or at any time on or after the 
date he reaches an agreement (oral or written) with the Company with 
respect to such hiring or retention, even though it may be prior to the 
date the person first performs services for the Company or its 
Subsidiaries; provided, however, that no portion of any such award will 
vest prior to the date the person first performs such services.
 
5.    Stock Options.
 
5.1  Grant and Exercise. Stock Options granted under the Plan may be of two 
types: (i) Incentive Stock Options and (ii) Nonqualified Stock Options. Any 
Stock Option granted under the Plan will contain such terms, not 
inconsistent with this Plan, or with respect to Incentive Stock Options, 
not inconsistent with the Plan and the Code, as the Committee may from time 
to time approve. The Committee has the authority to grant Incentive Stock 
Options or Non-Qualified Stock Options, or both types of Stock Options 
which may be granted alone or in addition to other awards granted under the 
Plan. To the extent that any Stock Option intended to qualify as an 
Incentive Stock Option does not so qualify, it will constitute a separate 
Nonqualified Stock Option.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
5.2  Terms and Conditions. Stock Options granted under the Plan are subject 
to the following terms and conditions:
 
(a)  Option Term. The term of each Stock Option will be fixed by the 
Committee; provided, however, that an Incentive Stock Option may be granted 
only within the ten-year period commencing from the Effective Date and may 
only be exercised within ten years of the date of grant (or five years in 
the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to an optionee who, at the 
time of grant, owns Common Stock possessing more than 10% of the total 
combined voting power of all classes of voting stock of the Company (“10% 
Shareholder”).
 
(b)  Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of Common Stock 
purchasable under a Stock Option will be determined by the Committee at the 
time of grant and may not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the 
date of grant (or, if greater, the par value of a share of Common Stock); 
provided, however, that (i) the exercise price of an Incentive Stock Option 
granted to a 10% Shareholder will not be less than 110% of the Fair Market 
Value on the date of grant; and (ii) if the Stock Option is granted in 
connection with the recipient’s hiring, retention, reaching an agreement 
(oral or written) with the Company with respect to such hiring or 
retention, promotion or similar event, the option exercise price may be not 
less than the Fair Market Value on the date on which the recipient is hired 
or retained, reached such agreement with respect to such hiring or 
retention, or is promoted (or similar event), if the grant of the Stock 
Option occurs not more than 120 days after the date of such hiring, 
retention, agreement, promotion or other event.
 
(c)  Exercisability. Stock Options are exercisable at such time or times 
and subject to such terms and conditions as are determined by the Committee 
and as set forth in Section 10, below. If the Committee provides, in its 
discretion, that any Stock Option is exercisable only in installments, 
i.e., that it vests over time, the Committee may waive such installment 
exercise provisions at any time at or after the time of grant in whole or 
in part, based upon such factors as the Committee determines.
 
(d)  Method of Exercise. Subject to whatever installment, exercise and 
waiting period provisions are applicable in a particular case, Stock 
Options may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during the term of 
the Option by giving written notice of exercise to the Company specifying 
the number of shares of Common Stock to be purchased. Such notice will be 
accompanied by payment in full of the purchase price, which will be in cash 
or, if provided in the Agreement, either in shares of Common Stock 
(including Restricted Stock and other contingent awards under this Plan) or 
partly in cash and partly in such Common Stock, or such other means which 
the Committee determines are consistent with the Plan’s purpose and 
applicable law. Cash payments will be made by wire transfer, certified or 
bank check or personal check, in each case payable to the order of the 
Company; provided, however, that the Company will not be required to 
deliver certificates for shares of Common Stock with respect to which an 
Option is exercised until the Company has confirmed the receipt of good and 
available funds in payment of the purchase price thereof (except that, in 
the case of an exercise arrangement approved by the Committee and described 
in the last sentence of this paragraph, payment may be made as soon as 
practicable after the exercise). Payments in the form of Common Stock will 
be valued at the Fair Market Value on the date prior to the date of 
exercise. Such payments will be made by delivery of stock certificates in 
negotiable form that are effective to transfer good and valid title thereto 
to the Company, free of any liens or encumbrances. A Holder will have none 
of the rights of a shareholder with respect to the shares subject to the 
Option until such shares are transferred to the Holder upon the exercise of 
the Option. The Committee may permit a Holder to elect to pay the Exercise 
Price upon the exercise of a Stock Option by irrevocably authorizing a 
third party to sell shares of Common Stock (or a sufficient portion of the 
shares) acquired upon exercise of the Stock Option and remit to the Company 
a sufficient portion of the sale proceeds to pay the entire Exercise Price 
and any tax withholding resulting from such exercise.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(e)  Transferability. Except as may be set forth in the next sentence of 
this Section or in the Agreement, no Stock Option is transferable by the 
Holder other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and 
all Stock Options are exercisable, during the Holder’s lifetime, only by 
the Holder (or, to the extent of legal incapacity or incompetency, the 
Holder’s guardian or legal representative). Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
a Holder, with the approval of the Committee, may transfer a Nonqualified 
Stock Option (i) (A) by gift, for no consideration, or (B) pursuant to a 
domestic relations order, in either case, to or for the benefit of the 
Holder’s “Immediate Family” (as defined below), or (ii) to an entity in 
which the Holder and/or members of Holder’s Immediate Family own more than 
50% of the voting interest, in exchange for an interest in that entity, 
subject to such limits as the Committee may establish, and the transferee 
will remain subject to all the terms and conditions applicable to the Stock 
Option prior to such transfer; provided, however, that a Nonqualified Stock 
Option issued with an exercise price that is below Fair Market Value on the 
date of grant may not be transferred other than pursuant to a domestic 
relations order (as defined in Section 414(p)(1)(B) of the Code). The term 
“Immediate Family” means any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, 
stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, 
mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law 
or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, any person sharing the 
Holder’s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which 
these persons have more than 50% beneficial interest, and a foundation in 
which these persons (or the Holder) control the management of the assets.
 
(f)  Termination by Reason of Death. If a Holder’s employment by the 
Company or a Subsidiary terminates by reason of death, any Stock Option 
held by such Holder, unless otherwise determined by the Committee and set 
forth in the Agreement, will thereupon automatically terminate, except that 
the portion of such Stock Option that has vested on the date of death may 
thereafter be exercised by the legal representative of the estate or by the 
legatee of the Holder under the will of the Holder, for a period of one 
year (or such other greater or lesser period as the Committee may specify 
in the Agreement) from the date of such death or until the expiration of 
the stated term of such Stock Option, whichever period is shorter.
 
(g)  Termination by Reason of Disability. If a Holder’s employment by the 
Company or any Subsidiary terminates by reason of Disability, any Stock 
Option held by such Holder, unless otherwise determined by the Committee 
and set forth in the Agreement, will thereupon automatically terminate, 
except that the portion of such Stock Option that has vested on the date of 
termination may thereafter be exercised by the Holder for a period of one 
year (or such other greater or lesser period as the Committee may specify 
in the Agreement) from the date of such termination of employment or until 
the expiration of the stated term of such Stock Option, whichever period is 
shorter.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(h)  Termination by Reason of Normal Retirement. Subject to the provisions 
of Section 13.3, if such Holder’s employment or retention by, or 
association with, the Company or any Subsidiary terminates due to Normal 
Retirement, then the portion of such Stock Option that has vested on the 
date of termination of employment may be exercised for the lesser of three 
years after termination of employment (or such other greater or lesser 
period as the Committee may specify in the Agreement) or the balance of 
such Stock Option’s term.
 
(i)  Other Termination. Subject to the provisions of Section 13.3, if such 
Holder’s employment or retention by, or association with, the Company or 
any Subsidiary terminates for any reason other than death, Disability or 
Normal Retirement, unless otherwise determined by the Committee and set 
forth in the Agreement, the Stock Option will thereupon automatically 
terminate, except that if the Holder’s employment is terminated by the 
Company or a Subsidiary without cause, then the portion of such Stock 
Option that has vested on the date of termination of employment may be 
exercised for the lesser of three months after termination of employment 
(or such other greater or lesser period as the Committee may specify in the 
Agreement) or the balance of such Stock Option’s term.
 
(j)  Additional Incentive Stock Option Limitation. In the case of an 
Incentive Stock Option, the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of 
grant of the Option) with respect to which Incentive Stock Options become 
exercisable for the first time by a Holder during any calendar year (under 
all such plans of the Company and its Parent and Subsidiaries) may not 
exceed $100,000.
 
(k)  Buyout and Settlement Provisions. The Committee may at any time, in 
its sole discretion, offer to repurchase a Stock Option previously granted, 
based upon such terms and conditions as the Committee establishes and 
communicates to the Holder at the time that such offer is made.
 
5.3  Stock Reload Option. If a Holder tenders shares of Common Stock to pay 
the exercise price of a Stock Option (“Underlying Option”) and/or arranges 
to have a portion of the shares otherwise issuable upon exercise withheld 
to pay the applicable withholding taxes, then the Holder may receive, at 
the discretion of the Committee, a new Stock Reload Option to purchase that 
number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares tendered to 
pay the exercise price and the withholding taxes (but only if such tendered 
shares were held by the Holder for at least six months). Stock Reload 
Options may be any type of option permitted under the Code and will be 
granted subject to such terms, conditions, restrictions and limitations as 
may be determined by the Committee from time to time. Such Stock Reload 
Option will have an exercise price equal to the Fair Market Value as of the 
date of grant of the Stock Reload Option. Unless the Committee determines 
otherwise, a Stock Reload Option may be exercised commencing one year after 
it is granted and will expire on the date of expiration of the Underlying 
Option to which the Reload Option is related.
 
6.    Stock Appreciation Rights.
 
6.1  Grant and Exercise. The Committee may grant Stock Appreciation Rights 
to participants who have been or are being granted Stock Options under the 
Plan as a means of allowing such participants to exercise their Stock 
Options without the need to pay the exercise price in cash. In the case of 
a Nonqualified Stock Option, a Stock Appreciation Right may be granted 
either at or after the time of the grant of such Nonqualified Stock Option. 
In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, a Stock Appreciation Right may be 
granted only at the time of the grant of such Incentive Stock Option.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
6.2  Terms and Conditions. Stock Appreciation Rights are subject to the 
following terms and conditions:
 
(a)  Exercisability. Stock Appreciation Rights are exercisable as 
determined by the Committee and set forth in the Agreement, subject to the 
limitations, if any, imposed by the Code with respect to related Incentive 
Stock Options.
 
(b)  Termination. A Stock Appreciation Right will terminate and will no 
longer be exercisable upon the termination or exercise of the related Stock 
Option.
 
(c)  Method of Exercise. Stock Appreciation Rights are exercisable upon 
such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Committee and set 
forth in the Agreement and by surrendering the applicable portion of the 
related Stock Option. Upon such exercise and surrender, the Holder will be 
entitled to receive a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the SAR 
Value divided by the Fair Market Value on the date the Stock Appreciation 
Right is exercised.
 
(d)  Shares Affected Upon Plan. The granting of a Stock Appreciation Right 
will not affect the number of shares of Common Stock available for awards 
under the Plan. The number of shares available for awards under the Plan 
will, however, be reduced by the number of shares of Common Stock 
acquirable upon exercise of the Stock Option to which such Stock 
Appreciation Right relates.
 
7.    Restricted Stock.
 
7.1  Grant. Shares of Restricted Stock may be awarded either alone or in 
addition to other awards granted under the Plan. The Committee determines 
the eligible persons to whom, and the time or times at which, grants of 
Restricted Stock will be awarded, the number of shares to be awarded, the 
price (if any) to be paid by the Holder, the time or times within which 
such awards are subject to forfeiture (“Restriction Period”), the vesting 
schedule and rights to acceleration thereof and all other terms and 
conditions of the awards.
 
7.2  Terms and Conditions. Each Restricted Stock award is subject to the 
following terms and conditions:
 
(a)  Certificates. Restricted Stock, when issued, will be represented by a 
stock certificate or certificates registered in the name of the Holder to 
whom such Restricted Stock has been awarded. During the Restriction Period, 
certificates representing the Restricted Stock and any securities 
constituting Retained Distributions (as defined below) will bear a legend 
to the effect that ownership of the Restricted Stock (and such Retained 
Distributions) and the enjoyment of all rights appurtenant thereto are 
subject to the restrictions, terms and conditions provided in the Plan and 
the Agreement. Such certificates will be deposited by the Holder with the 
Company, together with stock powers or other instruments of assignment, 
each endorsed in blank, which will permit transfer to the Company of all or 
any portion of the Restricted Stock and any securities constituting 
Retained Distributions that are forfeited or that do not become vested in 
accordance with the Plan and the Agreement.
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b)  Rights of Holder. Restricted Stock will constitute issued and 
outstanding shares of Common Stock for all corporate purposes. The Holder 
will have the right to vote such Restricted Stock, to receive and retain 
all regular cash dividends and other cash equivalent distributions as the 
Board may in its sole discretion designate, pay or distribute on such 
Restricted Stock and to exercise all other rights, powers and privileges of 
a holder of Common Stock with respect to such Restricted Stock, with the 
exceptions that (i) the Holder will not be entitled to delivery of the 
stock certificate or certificates representing such Restricted Stock until 
the Restriction Period has expired and unless all other vesting 
requirements with respect thereto has been fulfilled; (ii) the Company will 
retain custody of the stock certificate or certificates representing the 
Restricted Stock during the Restriction Period; (iii) other than regular 
cash dividends and other cash equivalent distributions as the Board may in 
its sole discretion designate, pay or distribute, the Company will retain 
custody of all distributions (“Retained Distributions”) made or declared 
with respect to the Restricted Stock (and such Retained Distributions are 
subject to the same restrictions, terms and conditions as are applicable to 
the Restricted Stock) until such time, if ever, as the Restricted Stock 
with respect to which such Retained Distributions has been made, paid or 
declared has vested and with respect to which the Restriction Period has 
expired; (iv) a breach of any of the restrictions, terms or conditions 
contained in this Plan or the Agreement or otherwise established by the 
Committee with respect to any Restricted Stock or Retained Distributions 
will cause a forfeiture of such Restricted Stock and any Retained 
Distributions with respect thereto.
 
(c)  Vesting; Forfeiture. Upon the expiration of the Restriction Period 
with respect to each award of Restricted Stock and the satisfaction of any 
other applicable restrictions, terms and conditions (i) all or part of such 
Restricted Stock will become vested in accordance with the terms of the 
Agreement, subject to Section 10, below, and (ii) any Retained 
Distributions with respect to such Restricted Stock will become vested to 
the extent that the Restricted Stock related thereto has vested, subject to 
Section 10, below. Any such Restricted Stock and Retained Distributions 
that do not vest will be forfeited to the Company and the Holder will not 
thereafter have any rights with respect to such Restricted Stock and 
Retained Distributions that has been so forfeited.
 
8.    [Intentionally omitted]
 
9.    Other Stock-Based Awards.
 
Other Stock-Based Awards may be awarded, subject to limitations under 
applicable law, that are denominated or payable in, valued in whole or in 
part by reference to, or otherwise based on or related to, shares of Common 
Stock, as deemed by the Committee to be consistent with the purposes of the 
Plan, including, without limitation, purchase rights, shares of Common 
Stock awarded which are not subject to any restrictions or conditions, 
convertible or exchangeable debentures, or other rights convertible into 
shares of Common Stock and awards valued by reference to the value of 
securities of or the performance of specified Subsidiaries. Other 
Stock-Based Awards may be awarded either alone or in addition to or in 
tandem with any other awards under this Plan or any other plan of the 
Company. Each other Stock-Based Award is subject to such terms and 
conditions as may be determined by the Committee.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
10.   Accelerated Vesting and Exercisability.
 
10.1  Non-Approved Transactions. If any “person” (as such term is used in 
Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange 
Act”)), is or becomes the “beneficial owner” (as referred in Rule 13d-3 
under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the 
Company representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of the 
Company’s then outstanding securities in one or more transactions, and the 
Board does not authorize or otherwise approve such acquisition, then the 
vesting periods of any and all Stock Options and other awards granted and 
outstanding under the Plan will be accelerated and all such Stock Options 
and awards will immediately and entirely vest, and the respective holders 
thereof will have the immediate right to purchase and/or receive any and 
all Common Stock subject to such Stock Options and awards on the terms set 
forth in this Plan and the respective agreements respecting such Stock 
Options and awards.
 
10.2  Approved Transactions. The Committee may, in the event of an 
acquisition of substantially all of the Company’s assets or at least 50% of 
the combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities in 
one or more transactions (including by way of merger or reorganization) 
which has been approved by the Company’s Board of Directors, (i) accelerate 
the vesting of any and all Stock Options and other awards granted and 
outstanding under the Plan, and (ii) require a Holder of any award granted 
under this Plan to relinquish such award to the Company upon the tender by 
the Company to Holder of cash in an amount equal to the Repurchase Value of 
such award.
 
11.   Amendment and Termination.
 
The Board may at any time, and from time to time, amend alter, suspend or 
discontinue any of the provisions of the Plan, but no amendment, 
alteration, suspension or discontinuance will be made that would impair the 
rights of a Holder under any Agreement theretofore entered into hereunder, 
without the Holder’s consent.
 
12.   Term of Plan.
 
12.1  Effective Date. The Plan is effective as of the date of the closing 
of the merger of etrials Acquisition, Inc., the Company’s wholly-owned 
subsidiary, with and into etrials Worldwide, Inc. (“etrials”), pursuant to 
the terms of the Merger Agreement and Plan of Merger among the Company, 
etrials and the other parties thereto dated as of August 22, 2005, as 
amended. In the event that the Plan is not approved by the Company’s 
stockholders within one (1) year of such date, then the Plan shall remain 
in effect, but any Incentive Stock Options previously granted under the 
Plan shall remain outstanding as Nonqualified Stock Options pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 5.1.
 
12.2  Termination Date. Unless terminated by the Board, this Plan will 
continue to remain effective until such time as no further awards may be 
granted and all awards granted under the Plan are no longer outstanding. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, grants of Incentive Stock Options may be 
made only during the ten year period following the Effective Date.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
13.   General Provisions.
 
13.1  Written Agreements. Each award granted under the Plan will be 
confirmed by, and is subject to the terms of, the Agreement executed by the 
Company and the Holder, or such other document as may be determined by the 
Committee, including any amendments thereto. The Committee may terminate 
any award made under the Plan if the Agreement relating thereto is not 
executed and returned to the Company within ten days after the Agreement 
has been delivered to the Holder for his or her execution.
 
13.2  Unfunded Status of Plan. The Plan is intended to constitute an 
“unfunded” plan for incentive and deferred compensation. With respect to 
any payments not yet made to a Holder by the Company, nothing contained 
herein will give any such Holder any rights that are greater than those of 
a general creditor of the Company.
 
13.3  Employees.
 
(a)  Engaging in Competition With the Company; Solicitation of Customers 
and Employees; Disclosure of Confidential Information. If a Holder’s 
employment with the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated for any reason 
whatsoever, and within one year after the date thereof such Holder either 
(i) accepts employment with any competitor of, or otherwise engages in 
competition with, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) solicits any 
customers or employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to do 
business with or render services to the Holder or any business with which 
the Holder becomes affiliated or to which the Holder renders services or 
(iii) uses or discloses to anyone outside the Company any confidential 
information or material of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in 
violation of the Company’s policies or any agreement between the Holder and 
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Committee, in its sole 
discretion, may require such Holder to return to the Company the economic 
value of any award (profit) that was realized or obtained by such Holder at 
any time during the period beginning on the date that is six months prior 
to the date such Holder’s employment with the Company is terminated.
 
(b)  Termination for Cause. The Committee may, if a Holder’s employment 
with the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated for cause, annul any award 
granted under this Plan to such employee and, in such event, the Committee, 
in its sole discretion, may require such Holder to return to the Company 
the economic value of any award (profit) that was realized or obtained by 
such Holder at any time during the period beginning on that date that is 
six months prior to the date such Holder’s employment with the Company is 
terminated.
 
(c)  No Right of Employment. Nothing contained in the Plan or in any award 
hereunder will be deemed to confer upon any Holder who is an employee of 
the Company or any Subsidiary any right to continued employment with the 
Company or any Subsidiary, nor will it interfere in any way with the right 
of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the employment of any Holder 
who is an employee at any time.
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
13.4  Investment Representations; Company Policy. The Committee may require 
each person acquiring shares of Common Stock pursuant to a Stock Option or 
other award under the Plan to represent to and agree with the Company in 
writing that the Holder is acquiring the shares for investment without a 
view to distribution thereof. Each person acquiring shares of Common Stock 
pursuant to a Stock Option or other award under the Plan will be required 
to abide by all policies of the Company in effect at the time of such 
acquisition and thereafter with respect to the ownership and trading of the 
Company’s securities.
 
13.5  Additional Incentive Arrangements. Nothing contained in the Plan will 
prevent the Board from adopting such other or additional incentive 
arrangements as it may deem desirable, including, but not limited to, the 
granting of Stock Options and the awarding of Common Stock and cash 
otherwise than under the Plan; and such arrangements may be either 
generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases.
 
13.6  Withholding Taxes. Not later than the date as of which an amount must 
first be included in the gross income of the Holder for Federal income tax 
purposes with respect to any Stock Option or other award under the Plan, 
the Holder will pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to 
the Committee regarding the payment of, any Federal, state and local taxes 
of any kind required by law to be withheld or paid with respect to such 
amount. If permitted by the Committee, tax withholding or payment 
obligations may be settled with Common Stock, including Common Stock that 
is part of the award that gives rise to the withholding requirement. The 
obligations of the Company under the Plan will be conditioned upon such 
payment or arrangements and the Company or the Holder’s employer (if not 
the Company) will, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct 
any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the Holder 
from the Company or any Subsidiary.
 
13.7  Governing Law. The Plan and all awards made and actions taken 
thereunder will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of 
the State of Delaware (without regard to choice of law provisions).
 
13.8  Other Benefit Plans. Any award granted under the Plan will not be 
deemed compensation for purposes of computing benefits under any retirement 
plan of the Company or any Subsidiary and will not affect any benefits 
under any other benefit plan now or subsequently in effect under which the 
availability or amount of benefits is related to the level of compensation 
(unless required by specific reference in any such other plan to awards 
under this Plan).
 
13.9  Non-Transferability. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the 
Plan or the Agreement, no right or benefit under the Plan may be alienated, 
sold, assigned, hypothecated, pledged, exchanged, transferred, encumbranced 
or charged, and any attempt to alienate, sell, assign, hypothecate, pledge, 
exchange, transfer, encumber or charge the same will be void.
 
13.10  Applicable Laws. The obligations of the Company with respect to all 
Stock Options and awards under the Plan are subject to (i) all applicable 
laws, rules and regulations and such approvals by any governmental agencies 
as may be required, including, without limitation, the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended, and (ii) the rules and regulations of any securities 
exchange on which the Common Stock may be listed.
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
13.11  Conflicts. If any of the terms or provisions of the Plan or an 
Agreement conflict with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code, then 
such terms or provisions will be deemed inoperative to the extent they so 
conflict with such requirements. Additionally, if this Plan or any 
Agreement does not contain any provision required to be included herein 
under Section 422 of the Code, such provision will be deemed to be 
incorporated herein and therein with the same force and effect as if such 
provision had been set out at length herein and therein. If any of the 
terms or provisions of any Agreement conflict with any terms or provisions 
of the Plan, then such terms or provisions will be deemed inoperative to 
the extent they so conflict with the requirements of the Plan. 
Additionally, if any Agreement does not contain any provision required to 
be included therein under the Plan, such provision will be deemed to be 
incorporated therein with the same force and effect as if such provision 
had been set out at length therein.
 
13.12  Certain Awards Deferring or Accelerating the Receipt of Compensation
. To the extent applicable, all awards granted under the Plan are intended 
to comply with Section 409A of the Code, which was added by the American 
Jobs Creation Act of 2004 and relates to deferred compensation under 
nonqualified deferred compensation plans. The Committee, in administering 
the Plan, intends to restrict provisions of any Awards which may constitute 
deferred receipt of compensation subject to Section 409A requirements, to 
those consistent with this section. The Board may amend the Plan to comply 
with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code in the future.
 
13.13  Non-Registered Stock. The shares of Common Stock to be distributed 
under this Plan have not been, as of the Effective Date, registered under 
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or any applicable state or foreign 
securities laws and the Company has no obligation to any Holder to register 
the Common Stock or to assist the Holder in obtaining an exemption from the 
various registration requirements, or to list the Common Stock on a 
national securities exchange or any other trading or quotation system, 
including the Nasdaq National Market and Nasdaq SmallCap Market.
 
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------