 EX-10.30 2 dex1030.htm CREDIT AGREEMENT DATED SEPTEMBER 26, 2007
EXHIBIT 10.30


CREDIT AGREEMENT


Dated as of September 26, 2007


among


GEORESOURCES, INC.,
as Borrower


AROC OIL & GAS L.L.C.,
AROC RESOURCES L.L.C.,
AROC (TEXAS), INC.,
CATENA OIL & GAS, LLC,
G3 ENERGY, LLC,
G3 OPERATING, LLC,
SOUTHERN BAY ENERGY, LLC,
SOUTHERN BAY LOUISIANA L.L.C.,
and
SOUTHERN BAY OPERATING L.L.C.,


as Guarantors


WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Administrative Agent


and


THE LENDERS SIGNATORY HERETO


$100,000,000 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility


WACHOVIA CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC,
as Sole Lead Arranger

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	  	   	Page

 ARTICLE I Definitions and Accounting Matters

   	1
  	

 Section 1.01

   	

 Terms Defined Above.

   	1
  	

 Section 1.02

   	

 Certain Defined Terms.

   	1
  	

 Section 1.03

   	

 Accounting Terms and Determinations.

   	15
  	

 Section 1.04

   	

 Terms Generally.

   	15

 ARTICLE II Commitments

   	16
  	

 Section 2.01

   	

 Loans and Letters of Credit.

   	16
  	

 Section 2.02

   	

 Borrowings, Continuations and Conversions, Letters of Credit.

   	17
  	

 Section 2.03

   	

 Changes of Commitments.

   	18
  	

 Section 2.04

   	

 Fees.

   	20
  	

 Section 2.05

   	

 Several Obligations.

   	20
  	

 Section 2.06

   	

 Notes.

   	21
  	

 Section 2.07

   	

 Prepayments.

   	21
  	

 Section 2.08

   	

 Borrowing Base.

   	22
  	

 Section 2.09

   	

 Assumption of Risks.

   	23
  	

 Section 2.10

   	

 Obligation to Reimburse and to Prepay.

   	23
  	

 Section 2.11

   	

 Lending Offices.

   	25

 ARTICLE III Payments of Principal and Interest

   	25
  	

 Section 3.01

   	

 Repayment of Loans.

   	25
  	

 Section 3.02

   	

 Interest.

   	25

 ARTICLE IV Payments; Pro Rata Treatment; Computations; Etc.

   	26
  	

 Section 4.01

   	

 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent’s Clawback.

   	26
  	

 Section 4.02

   	

 Pro Rata Treatment.

   	27
  	

 Section 4.03

   	

 Computations.

   	27
  	

 Section 4.04

   	

 Non-receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent.

   	28
  	

 Section 4.05

   	

 Set-off, Sharing of Payments, Etc.

   	28
  	

 Section 4.06

   	

 Taxes.

   	29

 ARTICLE V Capital Adequacy

   	31
  	

 Section 5.01

   	

 Increased Costs.

   	31
  	

 Section 5.02

   	

 Limitation on LIBOR Loans.

   	32
  	

 Section 5.03

   	

 Illegality.

   	33
  	

 Section 5.04

   	

 Base Rate Loans Pursuant to Sections 5.01, 5.02 and 5.03.

   	33
  	

 Section 5.05

   	

 Compensation.

   	33
  	

 Section 5.06

   	

 Replacement Lenders; Mitigation Obligations.

   	33

 ARTICLE VI Conditions Precedent

   	34
  	

 Section 6.01

   	

 Initial Funding.

   	34
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	  	   	Page
  	

 Section 6.02

   	

 Initial and Subsequent Loans and Letters of Credit.

   	36
  	

 Section 6.03

   	

 Conditions Precedent for the Benefit of Lenders.

   	36
  	

 Section 6.04

   	

 No Waiver.

   	37

 ARTICLE VII Representations and Warranties

   	37
  	

 Section 7.01

   	

 Corporate Existence.

   	37
  	

 Section 7.02

   	

 Financial Condition.

   	37
  	

 Section 7.03

   	

 Litigation.

   	38
  	

 Section 7.04

   	

 No Breach.

   	38
  	

 Section 7.05

   	

 Authority.

   	38
  	

 Section 7.06

   	

 Approvals.

   	38
  	

 Section 7.07

   	

 Use of Loans.

   	38
  	

 Section 7.08

   	

 ERISA.

   	38
  	

 Section 7.09

   	

 Taxes.

   	39
  	

 Section 7.10

   	

 Titles, etc.

   	40
  	

 Section 7.11

   	

 No Material Misstatements.

   	40
  	

 Section 7.12

   	

 Investment Company Act.

   	40
  	

 Section 7.13

   	

 [Reserved]

   	41
  	

 Section 7.14

   	

 [Reserved].

   	41
  	

 Section 7.15

   	

 Location of Business and Offices.

   	41
  	

 Section 7.16

   	

 Defaults.

   	41
  	

 Section 7.17

   	

 Environmental Matters.

   	41
  	

 Section 7.18

   	

 Compliance with the Law.

   	42
  	

 Section 7.19

   	

 Insurance.

   	42
  	

 Section 7.20

   	

 Hedging Agreements.

   	43
  	

 Section 7.21

   	

 Restriction on Liens.

   	43
  	

 Section 7.22

   	

 Material Agreements.

   	43
  	

 Section 7.23

   	

 Gas Imbalances.

   	43
  	

 Section 7.24

   	

 Relationship of Obligors.

   	44
  	

 Section 7.25

   	

 Solvency.

   	44

 ARTICLE VIII Affirmative Covenants

   	44
  	

 Section 8.01

   	

 Reporting Requirements.

   	44
  	

 Section 8.02

   	

 Litigation.

   	46
  	

 Section 8.03

   	

 Maintenance, Etc.

   	46
  	

 Section 8.04

   	

 Environmental Matters.

   	47
  	

 Section 8.05

   	

 Further Assurances.

   	47
  	

 Section 8.06

   	

 Performance of Obligations.

   	48
  	

 Section 8.07

   	

 Engineering Reports.

   	48
  	

 Section 8.08

   	

 Title Information.

   	49
  	

 Section 8.09

   	

 Additional Collateral.

   	49
  	

 Section 8.10

   	

 ERISA Information and Compliance.

   	50
  	

 Section 8.11

   	

 Pledge of Interest in Utah Properties.

   	50

 ARTICLE IX Negative Covenants

   	50
  	

 Section 9.01

   	

 Debt.

   	50
  	

 Section 9.02

   	

 Liens.

   	51
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	  	   	Page
  	

 Section 9.03

   	

 Investments, Loans and Advances.

   	51
  	

 Section 9.04

   	

 Dividends, Distributions and Redemptions.

   	52
  	

 Section 9.05

   	

 Sales and Leasebacks.

   	52
  	

 Section 9.06

   	

 Nature of Business.

   	52
  	

 Section 9.07

   	

 Limitation on Leases.

   	52
  	

 Section 9.08

   	

 Mergers, Etc.

   	53
  	

 Section 9.09

   	

 Proceeds of Notes and Letters of Credit.

   	53
  	

 Section 9.10

   	

 ERISA Compliance.

   	53
  	

 Section 9.11

   	

 Sale or Discount of Receivables.

   	54
  	

 Section 9.12

   	

 Current Ratio.

   	54
  	

 Section 9.13

   	

 Funded Debt to EBITDA.

   	54
  	

 Section 9.14

   	

 Interest Coverage Ratio.

   	54
  	

 Section 9.15

   	

 Sale of Oil and Gas Properties.

   	54
  	

 Section 9.16

   	

 Environmental Matters.

   	55
  	

 Section 9.17

   	

 Transactions with Affiliates.

   	55
  	

 Section 9.18

   	

 Subsidiaries.

   	55
  	

 Section 9.19

   	

 Negative Pledge Agreements.

   	55
  	

 Section 9.20

   	

 Gas Imbalances, Take-or-Pay or Other Prepayments.

   	55
  	

 Section 9.21

   	

 Accounting Changes.

   	55
  	

 Section 9.22

   	

 Constituent Documents.

   	55

 ARTICLE X Events of Default; Remedies

   	56
  	

 Section 10.01

   	

 Events of Default.

   	56
  	

 Section 10.02

   	

 Remedies.

   	57

 ARTICLE XI The Administrative Agent

   	58
  	

 Section 11.01

   	

 Appointment and Authority.

   	58
  	

 Section 11.02

   	

 Rights as a Lender.

   	58
  	

 Section 11.03

   	

 Exculpatory Provisions.

   	58
  	

 Section 11.04

   	

 Reliance by Administrative Agent.

   	59
  	

 Section 11.05

   	

 Delegation of Duties.

   	59
  	

 Section 11.06

   	

 Resignation of Administrative Agent.

   	60
  	

 Section 11.07

   	

 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders.

   	60
  	

 Section 11.08

   	

 No Other Duties, Etc.

   	61

 ARTICLE XII Miscellaneous

   	61
  	

 Section 12.01

   	

 Waiver.

   	61
  	

 Section 12.02

   	

 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication.

   	61
  	

 Section 12.03

   	

 Payment of Expenses, Indemnities, Damage Waiver.

   	62
  	

 Section 12.04

   	

 Amendments, Etc.

   	64
  	

 Section 12.05

   	

 Successors and Assigns.

   	64
  	

 Section 12.06

   	

 [Reserved].

   	67
  	

 Section 12.07

   	

 Invalidity.

   	67
  	

 Section 12.08

   	

 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution.

   	67
  	

 Section 12.09

   	

 References, Use of Word “Including”.

   	67
  	

 Section 12.10

   	

 Survival.

   	68
  	

 Section 12.11

   	

 Captions.

   	68
 
iii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
  	  	  	   	  	   	Page
  	

 Section 12.12

   	

 No Oral Agreements.

   	68
  	

 Section 12.13

   	

 Governing law, Submission to Jurisdiction.

   	68
  	

 Section 12.14

   	

 Interest.

   	69
  	

 Section 12.15

   	

 Confidentiality.

   	70
  	

 Section 12.16

   	

 Disposition of Proceeds.

   	71
  	

 Section 12.17

   	

 USA Patriot Act Notice.

   	71
 
ANNEX 	   	
Annex I 	   	

 List of Percentage Shares, Maximum Revolving Credit Amounts

EXHIBITS 	   	
Exhibit A 	   	

 Form of Note

Exhibit B 	   	

 Form of Borrowing, Continuation and Conversion Request

Exhibit C 	   	

 Form of Compliance Certificate

Exhibit D 	   	

 Security Instruments

Exhibit E 	   	

 Form of Assignment Agreement

SCHEDULES 	   	
Schedule 7.02 	   	

 Liabilities

Schedule 7.03 	   	

 Litigation

Schedule 7.09 	   	

 Taxes

Schedule 7.10 	   	

 Titles, Etc.

Schedule 7.15 	   	

 Place of Organization

Schedule 7.17 	   	

 Environmental Matters

Schedule 7.19 	   	

 Insurance

Schedule 7.20 	   	

 Hedging Agreements

Schedule 7.22 	   	

 Material Agreements

Schedule 7.23 	   	

 Gas Imbalances, Gas Balancing Status of Operating Subsidiaries of
 GeoResources, Inc.

Schedule 9.01 	   	

 Debt

Schedule 9.02 	   	

 Liens

Schedule 9.03 	   	

 Investments, Loans and Advances

Schedule 12.02 	   	

 Notices

Schedule 12.05 	   	

 Processing and Recordation Fees

 
iv

------------------------------------------------------------------------
THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of September 26, 2007, among GEORESOURCES, 
INC., a Colorado corporation (the “Borrower”); AROC (TEXAS), INC., a Texas 
corporation (“AROC Texas”), AROC OIL & GAS L.L.C., a Texas limited 
liability company, (“AROC O&G”), AROC RESOURCES L.L.C., a Texas limited 
liability company (“AROC Resources”), CATENA OIL & GAS, LLC, a Texas 
limited liability company (“Catena”), G3 ENERGY, LLC, a Colorado limited 
liability company (“G3 Energy”), G3 OPERATING, LLC, a Colorado limited 
liability company (“G3 Operating”), SOUTHERN BAY ENERGY L.L.C., a Texas 
limited liability company (“SB Energy”), and SOUTHERN BAY OPERATING L.L.C., 
a Texas limited liability company (“SB Operating”), and SOUTHERN BAY 
LOUISIANA L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company (“SB Louisiana L.L.C.
”) (AROC Texas, AROC O&G, AROC Resources, Catena, G3 Energy, G3 Operating, 
SB Energy, SB Louisiana L.L.C. and SB Operating are collectively, the “
Guarantors” and the Borrower and the Guarantors are collectively, the “
Obligors”), each of the lenders that is a signatory hereto or which becomes 
a signatory hereto as provided in Section 12.05 (individually, together 
with its successors and assigns, a “Lender” and, collectively, the “
Lenders”); WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for 
the Lenders (in such capacity, together with its successors in such 
capacity the “Administrative Agent”) and as issuing bank (in such capacity, 
together with its successors in such capacity, the “Issuing Bank”).


In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained 
and of the loans, extensions of credit and commitments hereinafter referred 
to, the parties hereto agree as follows:


ARTICLE I


Definitions and Accounting Matters


Section 1.01 Terms Defined Above.

As used in this Agreement, the terms “Administrative Agent,” “AROC Texas,” 
“AROC O&G,” “AROC Resources,” “Borrower,” “Catena,” “G3 Energy,” “G3 
Operating,” “Guarantors,” “Issuing Bank,” “Lender,” “Lenders,” “Obligors,” 
“SB Energy,” “SB Louisiana L.L.C.” and “SB Operating,” shall have the 
meanings indicated above.


Section 1.02 Certain Defined Terms.

As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings (all 
terms defined in this Article I or in other provisions of this Agreement in 
the singular to have equivalent meanings when used in the plural and vice 
versa):

Acquisition means any transaction or series of related transactions for the 
purpose of or resulting, directly or indirectly, in (a) the acquisition of 
all or substantially all of the assets of a Person, or of any business or 
division of a Person, (b) the acquisition of in excess of 50% of the 
capital stock of a corporation (or similar entity), which stock has 
ordinary voting power for the election of the members of such entity’s 
board of directors or persons exercising similar functions (other than 
stock having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency), 
or the acquisition of in excess of 50% of the partnership interests or 
equity of any Person not a corporation which acquisition gives the 
acquiring Person the power to direct or cause the direction of the 
management and policies of such Person, or (c) a merger or consolidation or 
any other combination with another Person provided that Borrower is the 
surviving entity.


Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a 
form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Affected Loans shall have the meaning assigned such term in Section 5.04.


Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that 
directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is 
Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.


Agreement shall mean this Credit Agreement, as the same may from time to 
time be further amended or supplemented.


Aggregate Maximum Revolving Credit Amounts at any time shall equal the sum 
of the Maximum Revolving Credit Amounts of the Lenders ($100,000,000), as 
the same may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.03(b).


Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments means the sum of the Revolving 
Credit Commitments of all Lenders; provided that the initial Aggregate 
Revolving Credit Commitment is $35,000,000. The Aggregate Revolving Credit 
Commitment may be reduced or increased pursuant to Section 2.03; provided 
that in no event shall the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitment exceed the 
lesser of the Maximum Revolving Credit Amount and the Borrowing Base. If at 
any time the Borrowing Base is reduced below the Aggregate Revolving Credit 
Commitment in effect prior to such reduction, the Aggregate Revolving 
Credit Commitment shall be reduced automatically to the amount of the 
Borrowing Base in effect at such time.


Applicable Lending Office shall mean, for each Lender and for each Type of 
Loan, the lending office of such Lender (or an Affiliate of such Lender) 
designated for such Type of Loan on the signature pages hereof or such 
other offices of such Lender (or of an Affiliate of such Lender) as such 
Lender may from time to time specify to the Administrative Agent and the 
Borrower as the office by which its Loans of such Type are to be made and 
maintained.


Applicable Margin shall mean the applicable per annum percentage set forth 
at the appropriate intersection in the table shown below, based on the 
Borrowing Base Utilization as in effect from time to time:
 
Borrowing Base Utilization
   	Applicable Margin 	 
   	LIBOR Loans 	  	  	Base Rate Loans 	 

 Less than 33%

   	1.50 	% 	  	0.50 	%

 Greater than or equal to 33%, but less than 67%

   	1.75 	% 	  	0.75 	%

 Greater than or equal to 67%

   	2.00 	% 	  	1.00 	%


Each change in the Applicable Margin resulting from a change in the 
Borrowing Base Utilization shall take effect on the day such change in the 
Borrowing Base Utilization occurs.


Approved Fund shall mean any Fund that is administered or managed by (i) a 
Lender, (ii) an Affiliate of a Lender or (iii) an entity or an Affiliate of 
an entity that administers or manages a Lender.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Assignee Group shall mean two or more Eligible Assignees that are 
Affiliates of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same 
investment advisor.


Assignment and Assumption shall mean an assignment and assumption entered 
into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party 
whose consent is required by Section 12.05(b)), and accepted by the 
Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E or any other 
form approved by the Administrative Agent.


Bankruptcy Code shall mean the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. 
§101 et seq., as in effect on the date hereof and as amended from time to 
time.


Base Rate shall mean, with respect to any Base Rate Loan, for any day, a 
rate per annum equal to the higher of (i) the Federal Funds Rate for any 
such day plus 1/2 of 1% or (ii) the Prime Rate for such day. Each change in 
any interest rate provided for herein based upon the Base Rate resulting 
from a change in the Base Rate shall take effect at the time of such change 
in the Base Rate.


Base Rate Loans shall mean Loans that bear interest at rates based upon the 
Base Rate.


Borrowing Base shall mean at any time an amount equal to the amount 
determined in accordance with Section 2.08.


Borrowing Base Deficiency shall mean, and occur at any time when, the 
amount by which the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans 
plus the LC Exposure exceeds the Borrowing Base, whether as the result of a 
redetermination, a scheduled reduction, or otherwise.


Borrowing Base Period shall mean the period from the Closing Date until 
December 1, 2007, and each six-month period commencing December 1, 2007 and 
each June 1 and December 1 thereafter.


Borrowing Base Utilization shall mean at any time, an amount equal to the 
quotient of (i) the aggregate principal amount of Loans outstanding plus LC 
Exposure, divided by (ii) the Borrowing Base.


Business Day shall mean any day other than a day on which commercial banks 
are authorized or required to close in Texas or North Carolina and, where 
such term is used in the definition of “Quarterly Date” or if such day 
relates to a borrowing or continuation of, a payment or prepayment of 
principal of or interest on, or a conversion of or into, or the Interest 
Period for, a LIBOR Loan or a notice by the Borrower with respect to any 
such borrowing or continuation, payment, prepayment, conversion or Interest 
Period, any day which is also a day on which dealings in Dollar deposits 
are carried out in the London interbank market.


Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) 
any Person or two or more Persons, other than any Affiliate of the 
Borrower, acting as a group shall acquire beneficial ownership (within the 
meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the 
Exchange Act, and including holding proxies to vote for the election of 
directors other than proxies held by the Borrower’s management or their 
designees to be voted in favor of persons nominated by the Borrower’s Board 
of Directors) of 33% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the 
Borrower, measured by voting power (including both ordinary shares and any 
preferred stock or other equity securities entitling the holders thereof to 
vote with the holders of common stock in elections for directors of the 
Borrower), (b) the Borrower shall fail beneficially to own, directly or 
indirectly, 100% of the outstanding voting equity interests of the 
Guarantors, or (c) one-third or more of the directors/managers of Borrower 
shall consist of persons not nominated by Borrower’s directors/managers 
(not including as Board nominees any directors which the Board is obligated 
to nominate pursuant to shareholders
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
agreements, voting trust arrangements or similar arrangements), or (d) 
liquidation or dissolution of Borrower.


Change in Law shall mean the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, 
of any of the following: (i) the adoption or taking effect of any law, 
rule, regulation or treaty, (ii) any change in any law, rule, regulation or 
treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by 
any Governmental Authority or (iii) the making or issuance of any request, 
guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any 
Governmental Authority.


Closing Date shall mean the date on which all of the conditions precedent 
under Section 6.01 are satisfied or waived the Lenders.


Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to 
time and any successor statute.


Commitment shall mean for any Lender, its Revolving Credit Commitment.


Consolidated Net Income shall mean with respect to the Borrower and its 
Consolidated Subsidiaries, for any period, the aggregate of the net income 
(or loss) of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries after 
allowances for taxes for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in 
accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded from such net 
income (to the extent otherwise included therein) the following: (i) the 
net income of any Person in which the Borrower or any Consolidated 
Subsidiary has an interest (which interest does not cause the net income of 
such other Person to be consolidated with the net income of the Borrower 
and its Consolidated Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP), except to the 
extent of the amount of dividends or distributions actually paid in such 
period by such other Person to the Borrower or to a Consolidated 
Subsidiary, as the case may be; (ii) the net income (but not loss) of any 
Consolidated Subsidiary to the extent that the declaration or payment of 
dividends or similar distributions or transfers or loans by that 
Consolidated Subsidiary is not at the time permitted by operation of the 
terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument or Governmental 
Requirement applicable to such Consolidated Subsidiary, or is otherwise 
restricted or prohibited in each case determined in accordance with GAAP; 
(iii) the net income (or loss) of any Person acquired in a 
pooling-of-interests transaction for any period prior to the date of such 
transaction; (iv) any extraordinary gains or losses, including gains or 
losses attributable to Property sales not in the ordinary course of 
business; and (v) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting 
principles and any gains or losses attributable to writeups or write downs 
of assets.


Consolidated Subsidiaries shall mean each Subsidiary of a Person (whether 
now existing or hereafter created or acquired) the financial statements of 
which shall be (or should have been) consolidated with the financial 
statements of such Person in accordance with GAAP.


Control shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly of the power to 
direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, 
whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contact or 
otherwise. “Controlling” and “Controlled” shall have correlative meanings 
thereto.


Debt shall mean, for any Person the sum of the following (without 
duplication): (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or 
evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments 
(including principal, interest, fees and charges); (ii) all obligations of 
such Person (whether contingent or otherwise) in respect of bankers’ 
acceptances, letters of credit, surety or other bonds and similar 
instruments; (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred 
purchase price of Property or services (other than for borrowed money); 
(iv) all obligations under leases which shall have been, or should have 
been, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capital leases in respect of 
which such Person is
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
liable (whether contingent or otherwise); (v) all obligations under 
operating leases which require such Person or its Affiliate to make 
payments over the term of such lease, including payments at termination, 
based on the purchase price or appraisal value of the Property subject to 
such lease plus a marginal interest rate, and used primarily as a financing 
vehicle for, or to monetize, such Property; (vi) all Debt (as described in 
the other clauses of this definition) and other obligations of others 
secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such Debt is 
assumed by such Person; (vii) all Debt (as described in the other clauses 
of this definition) and other obligations of others guaranteed by such 
Person or in which such Person otherwise assures a creditor against loss of 
the debtor or obligations of others; (viii) all obligations or undertakings 
of such Person to maintain or cause to be maintained the financial position 
or covenants of others or to purchase the Debt or Property of others; (ix) 
obligations to deliver goods or services including Hydrocarbons in 
consideration of advance payments, except as permitted by Section 9.16 and 
disclosed by Section 8.07(c); (x) obligations to pay for goods or services 
whether or not such goods or services are actually received or utilized by 
such Person; (xi) any capital stock of such Person in which such Person has 
a mandatory obligation to redeem such stock; (xii) any Debt of a Special 
Entity for which such Person is liable either by agreement or because of a 
Governmental Requirement; (xiii) the undischarged balance of any production 
payment created by such Person or for the creation of which such Person 
directly or indirectly received payment; and (xiv) all obligations of such 
Person under Hedging Agreements.


Debtor Relief Laws shall mean the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and 
all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the 
benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, 
reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other 
applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the 
rights of creditors generally.


Default shall mean an Event of Default or an event which with notice or 
lapse of time or both would become an Event of Default.


Dollars and $ shall mean lawful money of the United States.


EBITDA shall mean, for any period, the sum of Consolidated Net Income for 
such period plus the following expenses or charges to the extent deducted 
from Consolidated Net Income in such period: interest, income taxes, 
depreciation, depletion and amortization.


Eligible Assignee means (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an 
Approved Fund, and (d) any other Person (other than a natural person) 
approved by (i) the Administrative Agent, (ii) in the case of any 
assignment of a Revolving Credit Commitment, the Issuing Bank, and (iii) 
unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower 
(each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, 
that, notwithstanding the foregoing, “Eligible Assignee” shall not include 
the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliated or Subsidiaries.


Engineering Reports shall have the meaning assigned such term in Section 
2.08.


Environmental Laws shall mean any and all Governmental Requirements 
pertaining to health or the environment in effect in any and all 
jurisdictions in which any Obligor or any Subsidiary is conducting or at 
any time has conducted business, or where any Property of any Obligor or 
any Subsidiary is located, including without limitation, the Oil Pollution 
Act of 1990 (“OPA”), the Clean Air Act, as amended, the Comprehensive 
Environmental, Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (“CERCLA
”), as amended, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as amended, the 
Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended, the Resource 
Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 (“RCRA”), as amended, the Safe 
Drinking Water Act, as amended, the Toxic Substances Control Act, as 
amended, the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, as 
amended, the Hazardous
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Materials Transportation Act, as amended, and other environmental 
conservation or protection laws. The term “oil” shall have the meaning 
specified in OPA, the terms “hazardous substance” and “release” or “
threatened release” have the meanings specified in CERCLA, and the terms “
solid waste” and “disposal” or “disposed” have the meanings specified in 
RCRA; provided, however, that (i) in the event either OPA, CERCLA or RCRA 
is amended so as to broaden the meaning of any term defined thereby, such 
broader meaning shall apply subsequent to the effective date of such 
amendment and (ii) to the extent the laws of the state in which any 
Property of any Obligor or any Subsidiary is located establish a meaning 
for “oil,” “hazardous substance,” “release,” “solid waste” or “disposal” 
which is broader than that specified in either OPA, CERCLA or RCRA, such 
broader meaning shall apply.


Environmental Liability shall mean any liability, contingent or otherwise 
(including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, 
fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower, any other Obligor or any 
of their respective Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or 
based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, 
handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous 
Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or 
threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) 
any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which 
liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.


ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended from time to time and any successor statute.


ERISA Affiliate shall mean each trade or business (whether or not 
incorporated) which together with the Borrower or any Subsidiary would be 
deemed to be a “single employer” within the meaning of section 4001(b)(1) 
of ERISA or subsections (b), (c), (m) or (o) of section 414 of the Code.


ERISA Event shall mean (i) a “Reportable Event” described in Section 4043 
of ERISA and the regulations issued thereunder, (ii) the withdrawal of the 
Borrower, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate from a Plan during a plan 
year in which it was a “substantial employer” as defined in Section 
4001(a)(2) of ERISA, (iii) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a 
Plan or the treatment of a Plan amendment as a termination under Section 
4041 of ERISA, (iv) the institution of proceedings to terminate a Plan by 
the PBGC or (v) any other event or condition which might constitute grounds 
under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a 
trustee to administer, any Plan.


Event of Default shall have the meaning assigned such term in Section 10.01
.


Excepted Liens shall mean: (i) Liens for Taxes, assessments or other 
governmental charges or levies not yet due or which are being contested in 
good faith by appropriate action and for which adequate reserves have been 
maintained; (ii) Liens in connection with worker’s compensation, 
unemployment insurance or other social security, old age pension or public 
liability obligations not yet due or which are being contested in good 
faith by appropriate action and for which adequate reserves have been 
maintained in accordance with GAAP; (iii) operators’ Liens in favor of 
Persons other than Obligors and Subsidiaries, vendors’, carriers’, 
warehousemen’s, repairmen’s, mechanics’, workmen’s, materialmen’s, 
construction or other like Liens arising by operation of law in the 
ordinary course of business or incident to the exploration, development, 
operation and maintenance of Oil and Gas Properties or statutory landlord’s 
liens, each of which is in respect of obligations that have not been 
outstanding more than 90 days or which are being contested in good faith by 
appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been 
maintained in accordance with GAAP; (iv) any Liens reserved in leases or 
farmout agreements for rent or royalties and for compliance with the terms 
of the farmout agreements or leases in the case of leasehold estates, to 
the extent that any such Lien referred to in this clause does not 
materially impair the use of the Property covered by such Lien for the 
purposes for which such Property is held by any Obligor
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
or any Subsidiary or materially impair the value of such Property subject 
thereto; (v) encumbrances (other than to secure the payment of borrowed 
money or the deferred purchase price of Property or services), easements, 
restrictions, servitudes, permits, conditions, covenants, exceptions or 
reservations in any rights of way or other Property of any Obligor or any 
Subsidiary for the purpose of roads, pipelines, transmission lines, 
transportation lines, distribution lines for the removal of gas, oil, or 
timber, and other like purposes, or for the joint or common use of real 
estate, rights of way, facilities and equipment, and defects, 
irregularities, zoning restrictions and deficiencies in title of any rights 
of way or other Property which in the aggregate do not materially impair 
the use of such rights of way or other Property for the purposes of which 
such rights of way and other Property are held by any Obligor or any 
Subsidiary or materially impair the value of such Property subject thereto; 
(vi) deposits of cash or securities to secure the performance of bids, 
trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations and other obligations of a 
like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business; and (vii) Liens 
permitted by the Security Instruments.


Excluded Taxes shall mean, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any 
Lender, the Issuing Bank or any other recipient of any payment to be made 
by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (i) taxes 
imposed on or measured by its overall net income (however denominated), and 
franchise taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income taxes), by the 
jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which 
such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, 
in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable Lending Office is 
located, (ii) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United States or any 
similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower is 
located and (iii) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee 
pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 10.13), any withholding 
tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time 
such Foreign Lender becomes a party hereto (or designates a new Lending 
Office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lender’s failure or inability 
(other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with Section 3.01(e)
, except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) 
was entitled, at the time of designation of a new Lending Office (or 
assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect 
to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 3.01(a).


Federal Funds Rate shall mean, for any day, the rate per annum (rounded 
upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100 of 1%) equal to the weighted 
average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with a member 
of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers on such 
day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business 
Day next succeeding such- day, provided that (i) if the date for which such 
rate is to be determined is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for 
such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding 
Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (ii) 
if such rate is not so published for any day, the Federal Funds Rate for 
such day shall be the average rate charged to the Administrative Agent on 
such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent.


Financial Statements shall mean the financial statement or statements of 
the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries described or referred to in 
Section 7.02.


Foreign Lender shall mean any Lender that is organized under the laws of a 
jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax 
purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State 
thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single 
jurisdiction.


Fund shall mean any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will 
be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in 
commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of 
its business.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Funded Debt shall mean, for any Person the sum of the following (without 
duplication): (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or 
evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments 
(including principal, interest, fees and charges); (ii) all obligations of 
such Person (whether contingent or otherwise) in respect of bankers’ 
acceptances, letters of credit, surety or other bonds and similar 
instruments; (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred 
purchase price of Property or services (other than for borrowed money); 
(iv) all obligations under leases which shall have been, or should have 
been, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capital leases in respect of 
which such Person is liable (whether contingent or otherwise); (v) 
obligations to pay for goods or services whether or not such goods or 
services are actually received or utilized by such Person; (vi) any capital 
stock of such Person in which such Person has a mandatory obligation to 
redeem such stock; (vii) the undischarged balance of any production payment 
created by such Person or for the creation of which such Person directly or 
indirectly received payment; provided, however, that Funded Debt shall 
exclude (i) all obligations of such Person under Hedging Agreements; and 
(ii) “asset retirement obligations,” as such term is used in FASB Statement 
143, to the extent such asset retirement obligations relate to the plugging 
and abandonment of wells.


GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United 
States in effect from time to time.


Governmental Authority shall include the country, the state, county, city 
and political subdivisions in which any Person or such Person’s Property is 
located or which exercises valid jurisdiction over any such Person or such 
Person’s Property, and any court, agency, department, commission, board, 
bureau or instrumentality of any of them including monetary authorities 
which exercises valid jurisdiction over any such Person or such Person’s 
Property. Unless otherwise specified, all references to Governmental 
Authority herein shall mean a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction 
over, where applicable, any Obligor, their Subsidiaries or any of their 
Property or the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Applicable Lending 
Office.


Governmental Requirement shall mean any law, statute, code, ordinance, 
order, determination, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction, 
franchise, permit, certificate, license, authorization or other directive 
or requirement (whether or not having the force of law), including, without 
limitation, Environmental Laws, energy regulations and occupational, safety 
and health standards or controls, of any Governmental Authority.


Guarantor shall mean each of the parties named as “Guarantors” in the 
opening paragraph of this Agreement and each of the parties that from time 
to time become a party to a Guaranty Agreement pursuant to the terms of 
this Agreement.


Guaranty Agreement shall mean an agreement executed by a Guarantor in form 
and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent guarantying, 
unconditionally, payment of the Indebtedness, as the same may be amended, 
modified or supplemented from time to time.


Hazardous Materials shall mean all explosive or radioactive substances or 
wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, 
including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or 
asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, 
infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any 
nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.


Hedging Agreements shall mean any commodity, interest rate or currency 
swap, cap, floor, collar, forward agreement or other exchange or protection 
agreements or any option with respect to any such transaction.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Highest Lawful Rate shall mean, as of a particular date, the highest 
non-usurious rate of interest, if any, permitted from day to day by 
applicable law. To the extent Texas law is applicable, the Lenders hereby 
notify and disclose to the Borrower that, for purposes of Texas Finance 
Code §303.001, as it may from time to time be amended, the “applicable 
ceiling” shall be the “weekly ceiling” from time to time in effect as 
limited by Texas Finance Code §303.009; provided, however, that to the 
extent permitted by applicable law, the Administrative Agent reserve the 
right to change the “applicable ceiling” from time to time by further 
notice and disclosure to the Borrower.


Hydrocarbon Interests shall mean all rights, titles, interests and estates 
now or hereafter acquired in and to oil and gas leases, oil, gas and 
mineral leases, or other liquid or gaseous hydrocarbon leases, mineral fee 
interests, overriding royalty and royalty interests, net profit interests 
and production payment interests, including any reserved or residual 
interests of whatever nature.


Hydrocarbons shall mean oil, gas, casinghead gas, drip gasoline, natural 
gasoline, condensate, distillate, liquid hydrocarbons, gaseous hydrocarbons 
and all products refined or separated therefrom.


Indebtedness shall mean any and all amounts owing or to be owing by the 
Borrower or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank 
and/or the Lenders in connection with the Loan Documents, any Letter of 
Credit Agreements, any Hedging Agreements now or hereafter arising between 
the Borrower or any Subsidiary and any Lender or its Affiliate and 
permitted by the terms of this Agreement, and all renewals, extensions 
and/or rearrangements of any of the foregoing.


Indemnified Taxes shall mean Taxes other than Excluded Taxes.


Indemnitees shall have the meaning specified in Section 12.03(b).


Information shall have the meaning specified in Section 12.15.


Initial Borrowing Base shall have the meaning assigned such term in 
Section 2.08(a).


Initial Funding shall mean the funding of the initial Loans or issuance of 
the initial Letters of Credit upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth 
in Sections 6.01 and 6.02.


Initial Reserve Report shall mean collectively the reports, copies of which 
have been delivered to the Administrative Agent, as described in Exhibit F
.


Interest Coverage Ratio shall mean for the Obligors, on a consolidated 
basis, the ratio of (i) EBITDA for the four most recently completed fiscal 
quarters ending on such date to (ii) cash interest payments made for such 
fiscal quarters.


Interest Period shall mean, with respect to any LIBOR Loan, the period 
commencing on the date such LIBOR Loan is made and ending on the 
numerically corresponding day in the first, second, third, or sixth 
calendar month thereafter, as the Borrower may select as provided in 
Section 2.02, except that each Interest Period which commences on the last 
Business Day of a calendar month (or on any day for which there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the appropriate subsequent calendar month) 
shall end on the last Business Day of the appropriate subsequent calendar 
month. Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) no Interest Period may end after 
the Revolving Credit Termination Date; (ii) no Interest Period for any 
LIBOR Loan may end after the due date of any installment, if any, provided 
for in Section 3.01 to the extent that such LIBOR Loan would need to be 
prepaid prior to the end of such Interest Period in order for such 
installment to be paid when due; (iii) each Interest Period which would 
otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day shall end on the next 
succeeding Business Day (or, if such next succeeding
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Business Day falls in the next succeeding calendar month, on the next 
preceding Business Day); and (iv) no Interest Period shall have a duration 
of less than one month and, if the Interest Period for any LIBOR Loans 
would otherwise be for a shorter period, such Loans shall not be available 
hereunder.


Issuing Bank shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the 
introductory paragraph to this Agreement, or any other Lender agreed to 
between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to issue Letters of 
Credit.


Laws shall mean, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state 
and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, 
codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including 
the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority 
charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and 
all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, 
authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental 
Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law.


LC Commitment at any time shall mean $2,000,000.


LC Exposure at any time shall mean the difference between (i) the aggregate 
face amount of all undrawn and uncancelled Letters of Credit plus (ii) the 
aggregate of all amounts drawn under all Letters of Credit and not yet 
reimbursed.


Lending Office shall mean, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such 
Lender described as such in such Lender’s Administrative Questionnaire, or 
such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the 
Borrower and the Administrative Agent.


Letter of Credit Agreements shall mean the written agreements with the 
Issuing Bank, as issuing lender for any Letter of Credit, executed in 
connection with the issuance by the Issuing Bank of the Letters of Credit, 
such agreements to be on the Issuing Bank’s customary form for letters of 
credit of comparable amount and purpose as from time to time in effect or 
as otherwise agreed to by the Borrower and the Issuing Bank.


Letters of Credit shall mean the stand-by letters of credit issued pursuant 
to Section 2.01(b) and all reimbursement obligations pertaining to any such 
letters of credit, and “Letter of Credit” shall mean any one of the Letters 
of Credit and the reimbursement obligations pertaining thereto.


LIBOR shall mean the rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the 
nearest 1/100 of 1%) of interest determined on the basis of the rate for 
deposits in Dollars for a period equal to the applicable Interest Period 
commencing on the first day of such Interest Period appearing on Dow Jones 
Market Service Page 3750 as of 11:00 a.m. (London time) two (2) Business 
Days prior to the first day of the applicable Interest Period. In the event 
that such rate does not appear on Dow Jones Market Service Page 3750, “
LIBOR” shall be determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate per 
annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100 of 1%) at which 
deposits in Dollars are offered by leading reference banks in the London 
interbank market to the Administrative Agent at approximately 11:00 a.m. 
(London time) two Business Days prior to the first day of the applicable 
Interest Period for a period equal to such Interest Period and in an amount 
substantially equal to the amount of the applicable Loan.


LIBOR Loans shall mean Loans the interest rates on which are determined on 
the basis of rates referred to in the definition of “LIBOR Rate”.


LIBOR Rate shall mean, with respect to any LIBOR Loan, a rate per annum 
(rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100 of 1%) determined by 
the Administrative Agent to be equal to the quotient
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of (i) LIBOR for such Loan for the Interest Period for such Loan divided by 
(ii) 1 minus the Reserve Requirement for such Loan for such Interest 
Period.


Lien shall mean any interest in Property securing an obligation owed to, or 
a claim by, a Person other than the owner of the Property, whether such 
interest is based on the common law, statute or contract, and whether such 
obligation or claim is fixed or contingent, and including but not limited 
to (i) the lien or security interest arising from a mortgage, encumbrance, 
pledge, security agreement, conditional sale or trust receipt or a lease, 
consignment or bailment for security purposes or (ii) production payments 
and the like payable out of Oil and Gas Properties. The term “Lien” shall 
include reservations, exceptions, encroachments, easements, rights of way, 
covenants, conditions, restrictions, leases and other title exceptions and 
encumbrances affecting Property. For the purposes of this Agreement, each 
Obligor or any Subsidiary shall be deemed to be the owner of any Property 
which it has acquired or holds subject to a conditional sale agreement, or 
leases under a financing lease or other arrangement pursuant to which title 
to the Property has been retained by or vested in some other Person in a 
transaction intended to create a financing.


Loan Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Notes, the Guarantees, all 
Letters of Credit, all Letter of Credit Agreements, and the Security 
Instruments.


Loans shall mean the loans as provided for by Section 2.01(a).


Majority Lenders shall mean, at any time while no Loans are outstanding, 
Lenders having at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the 
Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments and, at any time while Loans are 
outstanding, Lenders holding at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent 
(66-2/3%) of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Loans 
(without regard to any sale by a Lender of a participation in any Loan 
under Section 12.05(d)); provided, however, that Majority Lenders shall at 
all times be comprised of at least two (2) Lenders.


Material Adverse Effect shall mean any material and adverse effect on (i) 
the assets, liabilities, financial condition, business, operations or 
affairs of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole different 
from those reflected in the Financial Statements or from the facts 
represented or warranted in any Loan Document, or (ii) the ability of the 
Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to carry out their business 
as at the Closing Date or as proposed as of the Closing Date to be 
conducted or meet their obligations under the Loan Documents on a timely 
basis, or (iii) the Administrative Agent’s and the Lenders’ interests in 
the collateral securing the Indebtedness, taken as a whole, or the 
Administrative Agents’ or the Lenders’ ability to enforce their rights and 
remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, at law or in 
equity.


Material Agreements shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 7.22.


Maximum Revolving Credit Amount shall mean, as to each Lender, the amount 
set forth opposite such Lender’s name on Annex I under the caption “
Maximum Revolving Credit Amounts” (as the same may be reduced pursuant to 
Section 2.03(b) pro rata to each Lender based on its Percentage Share), as 
modified from time to time to reflect any assignments permitted by Section 
12.05(b).


Mortgaged Property shall mean the Property owned by the Obligors and which 
is subject to the Liens existing and to exist under the terms of the 
Security Instruments.


Multiemployer Plan shall mean a Plan defined as such in Section 3(37) or 
4001(a)(3) of ERISA.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Non-Recourse Debt shall mean Debt of a non-Obligor Subsidiary which is not 
a liability, in whole or in part, of any Obligor and which is not secured 
by any Lien upon any property or assets of any Obligor.


Notes shall mean the Notes provided for by Section 2.06, together with any 
and all renewals, extensions for any period, increases, rearrangements, 
substitutions or modifications thereof.


Oil and Gas Properties shall mean Hydrocarbon Interests; the Properties now 
or hereafter pooled or unitized with Hydrocarbon Interests; all presently 
existing or future unitization, pooling agreements and declarations of 
pooled units and the units created thereby (including without limitation 
all units created under orders, regulations and rules of any Governmental 
Authority) which may affect all or any portion of the Hydrocarbon 
Interests; all operating agreements, contracts and other agreements which 
relate to any of the Hydrocarbon Interests or the production, sale, 
purchase, exchange or processing of Hydrocarbons from or attributable to 
such Hydrocarbon Interests; all Hydrocarbons in and under and which may be 
produced and saved or attributable to the Hydrocarbon Interests, including 
all oil in tanks, the lands covered thereby and all rents, issues, profits, 
proceeds, products, revenues and other incomes from or attributable to the 
Hydrocarbon Interests; all tenements, hereditaments, appurtenances and 
Properties in any manner appertaining, belonging, affixed or incidental to 
the Hydrocarbon Interests; and all Properties, rights, titles, interests 
and estates described or referred to above, including any and all Property, 
real or personal, now owned or hereinafter acquired and situated upon, 
used, held for use or useful in connection with the operating, working or 
development of any of such Hydrocarbon Interests or Property (excluding 
drilling rigs, automotive equipment or other personal property which may be 
on such premises for the purpose of drilling a well or for other similar 
temporary uses) and including any and all oil wells, gas wells, injection 
wells or other wells, buildings, structures, fuel separators, liquid 
extraction plants, plant compressors, pumps, pumping units, field gathering 
systems, tanks and tank batteries, fixtures, valves, fittings, machinery 
and parts, engines, boilers, meters, apparatus, equipment, appliances, 
tools, implements, cables, wires, towers, casing, tubing and rods, surface 
leases, rights-of-way, easements and servitudes together with all 
additions, substitutions, replacements, accessions and attachments to any 
and all of the foregoing.


Other Taxes shall mean all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or 
any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from 
any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the 
execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this 
Agreement or any other Loan Document.


Participant shall have the meaning specified in Section 12.05(d).


PBGC shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity 
succeeding to any or all of its functions.


Percentage Share shall mean the percentage of the Aggregate Revolving 
Credit Commitment to be provided by a Lender under this Agreement as 
indicated on Annex I hereto, as modified from time to time to reflect any 
assignments permitted by Section 12.05(b).


Person shall mean any individual, corporation, company, voluntary 
association, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization 
or government or any agency, instrumentality or political subdivision 
thereof, or any other form of entity.


Plan shall mean any employee pension benefit plan, as defined in Section 
3(2) of ERISA, which (i) is currently or hereafter sponsored, maintained or 
contributed to by the Borrower, any Subsidiary or an
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ERISA Affiliate or (ii) was at any time during the preceding six calendar 
years sponsored, maintained or contributed to, by the Borrower, any 
Subsidiary or an ERISA Affiliate.


Post-Default Rate shall mean, in respect of any principal of any Loan or 
any other amount payable by the Borrower under this Agreement or any other 
Loan Document, a rate per annum equal to 4% per annum above the Base Rate 
as in effect from time to time plus the Applicable Margin (if any), but in 
no event to exceed the Highest Lawful Rate; provided however, for a LIBOR 
Loan, the “Post-Default Rate” for such principal shall be 4% per annum 
above the interest rate for such Loan prior to Recapitalization as provided 
in Section 3.02(a)(i) and following Recapitalization as provided in 
Section 3.02(a)(ii)(B), but in no event to exceed the Highest Lawful Rate.


Prime Rate shall mean the rate of interest from time to time announced 
publicly by the Administrative Agent at the Principal Office as its prime 
commercial lending rate. Such rate is set by the Administrative Agent as a 
general reference rate of interest, taking into account such factors as the 
Administrative Agent may deem appropriate, it being understood that many of 
the Administrative Agent’s commercial or other loans are priced in relation 
to such rate, that it is not necessarily the lowest or best rate actually 
charged to any customer and that the Administrative Agent may make various 
commercial or other loans at rates of interest having no relationship to 
such rate.


Principal Office shall mean the principal office of the Administrative 
Agent, presently located at 1001 Fannin, Suite 2255, Houston, Texas 
77002-6709.


Property shall mean any interest in any kind of property or asset, whether 
real, personal or mixed, moveable or immoveable, tangible or intangible.


Quarterly Dates shall mean the first day of each April, July, October, and 
January in each year, the first of which shall be October 1, 2007; 
provided, however, that if any such day is not a Business Day, such 
Quarterly Date shall be the next succeeding Business Day.


Redetermination Date shall mean the date that the redetermined Borrowing 
Base becomes effective subject to the notice requirements specified in 
Section 2.08(b) both for scheduled redeterminations and unscheduled 
redeterminations.


Register shall have the meaning specified in Section 12.05(c).


Regulation D shall mean Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System (or any successor), as the same may be amended or 
supplemented from time to time.


Regulatory Change shall mean, with respect to any Lender, any change after 
the Closing Date in any Governmental Requirement (including Regulation D) 
or the adoption or making after such date of any interpretations, 
directives or requests applying to a class of lenders (including such 
Lender or its Applicable Lending Office) of or under any Governmental 
Requirement (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental 
Authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof.


Related Parties shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Person’s 
Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and 
advisors of such Person and of such Person’s Affiliates.


Required Payment shall have the meaning assigned such term in Section 4.04
.


Reserve Report shall mean a report, in form and substance satisfactory to 
the Administrative Agent, setting forth, as of each June 1 (or such other 
date in the event of an unscheduled redetermination);
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) the oil and gas reserves attributable to all of the Borrower’s and 
Guarantor’s Oil and Gas Properties together with a projection of the rate 
of production and future net income, taxes, operating expenses and capital 
expenditures with respect thereto as of such date, based upon the pricing 
assumptions consistent with SEC reporting requirements at the time and (ii) 
such other information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request. 
The term “Reserve Report” shall also include the information to be provided 
by the Borrower setting forth the foregoing information as of December 1 of 
each year pursuant to Section 8.07(a).


Reserve Requirement shall mean, for any Interest Period for any LIBOR Loan, 
the average maximum rate at which reserves (including any marginal, 
supplemental or emergency reserves) are required to be maintained during 
such Interest Period under Regulation D by member banks of the Federal 
Reserve System in New York City with deposits exceeding one billion Dollars 
against “Eurocurrency liabilities” (as such term is used in Regulation D). 
Without limiting the effect of the foregoing, the Reserve Requirement shall 
reflect any other reserves required to be maintained by such member banks 
by reason of any Regulatory Change against (i) any category of liabilities 
which includes deposits by reference to which LIBOR is to be determined as 
provided in the definition of “LIBOR” or (ii) any category of extensions of 
credit or other assets which include a LIBOR Loan.


Responsible Officer shall mean, as to any Person, the Chief Executive 
Officer, the President or any Vice President of such Person and, with 
respect to financial matters, the term “Responsible Officer” shall include 
the Chief Financial Officer of such Person or to the extent such Person is 
a limited partnership, the Responsible Officer of such limited 
partnership’s general partner. Unless otherwise specified, all references 
to a Responsible Officer herein shall mean a Responsible Officer of the 
Borrower.


Revolving Credit Commitment shall mean, for any Lender, its obligation to 
make Loans and participate in the issuance of Letters of Credit as provided 
in Section 2.01(b) up to the lesser of (i) such Lender’s Maximum Revolving 
Credit Amount and (ii) such Lender’s Percentage Share of the then effective 
Borrowing Base.


Revolving Credit Termination Date shall mean the earlier to occur of (i) 
the third anniversary date of the Closing Date, (ii) the date that the 
Commitments are terminated pursuant to Section 10.02, and (iii) the date 
that the Commitments are fully terminated pursuant to Section 2.03(b).


Scheduled Redetermination Date shall have the meaning assigned such term in 
Section 2.08(b).


SEC shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor 
Governmental Authority.


Security Instruments shall mean the agreements or instruments described or 
referred to in Exhibit D, and any and all other agreements or instruments 
now or hereafter executed and delivered by the Obligors or any other Person 
(other than participation or similar agreements between any Lender and any 
other lender or creditor with respect to any Indebtedness pursuant to this 
Agreement) in connection with, or as security for the payment or 
performance of, the Notes, the Guarantees, this Agreement, or reimbursement 
obligations under the Letters of Credit, as such agreements may be amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time.


Special Entity shall mean any joint venture, limited liability company or 
partnership, general or limited partnership or any other type of 
partnership or company other than a corporation in which the Borrower or 
one or more of its other Subsidiaries is a member, owner, partner or joint 
venturer and owns, directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the 
equity of such entity or controls such entity, but excluding
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any tax partnerships that are not classified as partnerships under state 
law. For purposes of this definition, any Person which owns directly or 
indirectly an equity investment in another Person which allows the first 
Person to manage or elect managers who manage the normal activities of such 
second Person will be deemed to “control” such second Person (e.g. a sole 
general partner controls a limited partnership).


Subsidiary shall mean (i) any entity of which at least a majority of the 
outstanding ownership having by the terms thereof ordinary voting power to 
elect a majority of the board of directors, managers or general partner of 
such entity (irrespective of whether or not at the time equity ownership 
interest of any other class or classes of such corporation shall have or 
might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is 
at the time directly or indirectly owned or controlled by the Borrower or 
one or more of its Subsidiaries or by the Borrower and one or more of its 
Subsidiaries and (ii) any Special Entity. Unless otherwise indicated 
herein, each reference to the term “Subsidiary” shall mean a Subsidiary of 
the Borrower.


Taxes shall mean all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, 
deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any 
Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or 
penalties applicable thereto.


Transfer shall mean any sale, assignment, farm-out, conveyance or other 
transfer of any Oil and Gas Property, or any interest in any Oil and Gas 
Property (including, without limitation, any working interest, overriding 
royalty interest, production payments, net profits interest, royalty 
interest, or mineral fee interest) of any Obligor, except for (i) the sale 
of Hydrocarbons in the ordinary course of business, (ii) the sale or 
transfer of equipment in the ordinary course of business that is no longer 
necessary for the business of any Obligor or is contemporaneously replaced 
by equipment of at least comparable value and use, and (iii) the sale of 
Oil and Gas Properties in one or more transactions of the Obligors for 
which value was given in the most recent Borrowing Base redetermination 
which in the aggregate have a fair market value of $1,000,000 or less.


Type shall mean, with respect to any Loan, a Base Rate Loan or a LIBOR 
Loan.


United States and U.S. shall mean the United States of America.


Section 1.03 Accounting Terms and Determinations.

Unless otherwise specified herein, all accounting terms used herein shall 
be interpreted, all determinations with respect to accounting matters 
hereunder shall be made, and all financial statements and certificates and 
reports as to financial matters required to be furnished to the 
Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder shall be prepared, in 
accordance with GAAP, applied on a basis consistent with the audited 
financial statements of the Borrower referred to in Section 7.02 (except 
for changes concurred with by the Borrower’s independent public 
accountants). Financial matters for the Borrower’s first four quarters 
following the Closing Date shall be computed on an annualized proforma 
basis after giving effect to the Borrower’s acquisition of any material 
Subsidiaries and Oil and Gas Properties.


Section 1.04 Terms Generally.

The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and 
plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any 
pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter 
forms. The words “include,” “includes” and “including” shall be deemed to 
be followed by the phrase “without limitation.” The word “will” shall be 
construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word “shall.” Unless 
the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any 
agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as 
referring to such agreement,
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or 
otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, 
supplements or modifications set forth herein), (ii) any reference herein 
to any Person shall be construed to include such Person’s successors and 
assigns, (iii) the words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder,” and words of 
similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its 
entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references 
herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to 
refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this 
Agreement, (v) any reference to any law or regulation herein shall, unless 
otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified 
or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words “asset” and “
property” shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to 
refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, 
including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.



ARTICLE II


Commitments


Section 2.01 Loans and Letters of Credit.

(a) Loans. Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement, to make Loans to the Borrower during the period from and 
including (i) the Closing Date or (ii) such later date that such Lender 
becomes a party to this Agreement as provided in Section 12.05(b), to and 
up to, but excluding, the Revolving Credit Termination Date in an aggregate 
principal amount at any one time outstanding up to, but not exceeding, the 
amount of such Lender’s Revolving Credit Commitment as then in effect; 
provided, however, that the aggregate principal amount of all such Loans by 
all Lenders hereunder at any one time outstanding together with the LC 
Exposure shall not exceed the greater of (i) the Borrowing Base and (ii) 
the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments. Subject to the terms of this 
Agreement, during the period from the Closing Date to and up to, but 
excluding, the Revolving Credit Termination Date, the Borrower may borrow, 
repay and reborrow the amount described in this Section 2.01(a).

(b) Letters of Credit. During the period from and including the Closing 
Date to, but excluding, the Revolving Credit Termination Date, the Issuing 
Bank, as issuing bank for the Lenders, agrees to extend credit for the 
account of the Borrower or any Guarantor at any time and from time to time 
by issuing, renewing, extending or reissuing Letters of Credit; provided 
however, the LC Exposure at any one time outstanding shall not exceed the 
lesser of (i) the LC Commitment or (ii) the Aggregate Revolving Credit 
Commitments, as then in effect, minus the aggregate principal amount of all 
Loans then outstanding. The Lenders shall participate in such Letters of 
Credit according to their respective Percentage Shares. Each of the Letters 
of Credit shall (i) be issued by the Issuing Bank, (ii) contain such terms 
and provisions as are reasonably required by the Issuing Bank, (iii) be for 
the account of the Borrower or a Guarantor and (iv) expire not later than 
the earlier of (A) twelve months from the date of issuance of such Letter 
of Credit and (B) five (5) days before the Revolving Credit Termination 
Date; provided, however, that any Letter of Credit with a twelve (12) month 
maturity may provide for the renewal thereof for an additional twelve (12) 
month period, which shall in no event extend beyond five (5) days before 
the Revolving Credit Termination Date.

(c) Limitation on Types of Loans. Subject to the other terms and provisions 
of this Agreement, at the option of the Borrower, the Loans may be Base 
Rate Loans or LIBOR Loans; provided that, without the prior written consent 
of the Majority Lenders, no more than five LIBOR Loans may be outstanding 
at any time.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 2.02 Borrowings, Continuations and Conversions, Letters of Credit.

(a) Borrowings. The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent (which 
shall promptly notify the Lenders) advance notice as hereinafter provided 
of each borrowing hereunder, which shall specify (i) the aggregate amount 
of such borrowing, (ii) the Type and (iii) the date (which shall be a 
Business Day) of the Loans to be borrowed, and (iv) (in the case of LIBOR 
Loans) the duration of the Interest Period therefor.

(b) Minimum Amounts. If the initial borrowing consists in whole or in part 
of LIBOR Loans, such LIBOR Loans shall be in amounts of at least $500,000 
or any whole multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof.

(c) Notices. All borrowings, continuations and conversions shall require 
advance written notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly 
notify the Lenders) in the form of Exhibit B (or telephonic notice promptly 
confirmed by such a written notice), which in each case shall be 
irrevocable, from the Borrower to be received by the Administrative Agent 
not later than 11:00 a.m. Houston, Texas time at least one Business Day 
prior to the date of each Base Rate Loan borrowing and three Business Days 
prior to the date of each LIBOR Loan borrowing, continuation or conversion. 
Without in any way limiting the Borrower’s obligation to confirm in writing 
any telephonic notice, the Administrative Agent may act without liability 
upon the basis of telephonic notice believed by the Administrative Agent in 
good faith to be from the Borrower prior to receipt of written 
confirmation. In each such case, the Borrower hereby waives the right to 
dispute the Administrative Agent’s record of the terms of such telephonic 
notice except in the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct by the 
Administrative Agent.

(d) Continuation Options. Subject to the provisions made in this Section 
2.02(d), the Borrower may elect to continue all or any part of any LIBOR 
Loan beyond the expiration of the then current Interest Period relating 
thereto by giving advance notice as provided in Section 2.02(c) to the 
Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders) of such 
election, specifying the amount of such Loan to be continued and the 
Interest Period therefor. In the absence of such a timely and proper 
election, the Borrower shall be deemed to have elected to convert such 
LIBOR Loan to a Base Rate Loan pursuant to Section 2.02(e). All or any part 
of any LIBOR Loan may be continued as provided herein, provided that (i) 
any continuation of any such Loan shall be (as to each Loan as continued 
for an applicable Interest Period) in amounts of at least $500,000 or any 
whole multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof and (ii) no Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing. If a Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing, each LIBOR Loan shall be converted to a Base Rate Loan on the 
last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto.

(e) Conversion Options. The Borrower may elect to convert all or any part 
of any LIBOR Loan on the last day of the then current Interest Period 
relating thereto to a Base Rate Loan by giving advance notice to the 
Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders) of such 
election. Subject to the provisions made in this Section 2.02(e), the 
Borrower may elect to convert all or any part of any Base Rate Loan at any 
time and from time to time to a LIBOR Loan by giving advance notice as 
provided in Section 2.02(c) to the Administrative Agent (which shall 
promptly notify the Lenders) of such election. All or any part of any 
outstanding Loan may be converted as provided herein, provided that (i) any 
conversion of any Base Rate Loan into a LIBOR Loan shall be (as to each 
such Loan into which there is a conversion for an applicable Interest 
Period) in amounts of at least $500,000 or any whole multiple of $500,000 
in excess thereof and (ii) no Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
If a Default shall have occurred and be continuing, no Base Rate Loan may 
be converted into a LIBOR Loan.

(f) Advances. Not later than 11:00 a.m. Houston, Texas time on the date 
specified for each Loan hereunder, each Lender shall make available the 
amount of the Loan to be made by it on such date to the Administrative 
Agent, to an account which the Administrative Agent shall specify, in 
immediately available funds, for the account of the Borrower. The amounts 
so received by the Administrative Agent shall, subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, be made available to the Borrower by 
depositing the same, in immediately available funds, in an account of the 
Borrower, designated by the Borrower and maintained at the Principal 
Office.

(g) Letters of Credit. The Borrower shall give the Issuing Bank (which 
shall promptly notify the Lenders of such request and their Percentage 
Share of such Letter of Credit) advance notice to be received by the 
Issuing Bank not later than 11:00 a.m. Houston, Texas time not less than 
three Business Days prior thereto of each request for the issuance, and at 
least ten Business Days prior to the date of the renewal or extension, of a 
Letter of Credit hereunder which request shall specify (i) the amount of 
such Letter of Credit, (ii) the date (which shall be a Business Day) such 
Letter of Credit is to be issued, renewed or extended, (iii) the duration 
thereof, (iv) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof, and (v) such 
other information as the Issuing Bank may reasonably request, all of which 
shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Issuing Bank. Subject to the terms 
and conditions of this Agreement, on the date specified for the issuance, 
renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall 
issue, renew or extend such Letter of Credit to the beneficiary thereof.

In conjunction with the issuance of each Letter of Credit, the Borrower 
shall execute a Letter of Credit Agreement. In the event of any conflict 
between any provision of a Letter of Credit Agreement and this Agreement, 
the Borrower, the Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders 
hereby agree that the provisions of this Agreement shall govern.

The Issuing Bank will send to the Borrower and each Lender, immediately 
upon issuance of any Letter of Credit, or an amendment thereto, a true and 
complete copy of such Letter of Credit, or such amendment thereto.


Section 2.03 Changes of Commitments.

(a) Increase in Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments

(i) Provided there exists no Default or Event of Default and subject to the 
conditions set forth under clause (v) below, upon notice to the 
Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), Borrower 
may from time to time request an increase in the Aggregate Revolving Credit 
Commitments; provided, that (A) the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments 
shall not at any time exceed the lesser of (1) the Aggregate Maximum 
Revolving Credit Amounts after adjustments resulting from reductions 
thereof pursuant to Section 2.03(b) and (2) the then effective Borrowing 
Base, and (B) such increase of the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments 
shall be in a minimum amount of $5,000,000, or integral multiples of 
$1,000,000 in excess thereof. At the time of sending such notice, Borrower 
(in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time 
period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no 
event be less than ten (10) Business Days from the date of delivery of such 
notice to the Lenders).
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) Each Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time 
period whether or not it agrees to increase its Revolving Credit Commitment 
and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its 
Percentage Share of such requested increase. Any Lender not responding 
within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its 
Revolving Credit Commitment.

(iii) The Administrative Agent shall notify Borrower of the Lenders’ 
responses to the request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a 
requested increase and subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent 
and the Issuing Bank (which approvals shall not be unreasonably withheld), 
Borrower may also invite additional Persons to become Lenders pursuant to a 
joinder agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative 
Agent and its counsel.

(iv) If the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments are increased in 
accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent and Borrower shall 
determine the effective date (such date, the “Increase Effective Date”) and 
the final allocation of such increase. The Administrative Agent shall 
promptly (i) notify Borrower of the final allocation of such increase in 
the Revolving Credit Commitment and the Increase Effective Date, and (ii) 
notify each Lender of its Revolving Credit Commitment as of the Increase 
Effective Date.

(v) As a condition precedent to such increase, Borrower shall deliver to 
the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Obligor dated as of the 
Increase Effective Date signed by a Responsible Officer of such Obligor (i) 
certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Obligor approving 
or consenting to such increase, and (ii) in the case of Borrower, 
certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the 
representations and warranties contained in Article VII and the other Loan 
Documents are true and correct on and as of the Increase Effective Date, 
except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically 
refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of 
such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.03(a), 
the representations and warranties contained in Section 7.02 shall be 
deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to 
clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 8.01, (B) no Default or Event 
of Default exists, and (C) no Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred. 
To the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Loans ratable with any 
revised Percentage Shares of the Lenders arising from any nonratable 
increase in the Revolving Credit Commitment under this Section, Borrower 
shall prepay Loans outstanding on the Increase Effective Date and/or 
Lenders shall make assignments pursuant to arrangements satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent (provided, that in each case, Borrower shall pay any 
additional amounts required pursuant to Section 5.05).

(vi) This Section shall supersede any provisions in Sections 4.05 or 12.04 
to the contrary.

(b) Reduction in Revolving Credit Commitments. The Borrower shall have the 
right to terminate or to reduce the amount of the Aggregate Revolving 
Credit Commitments at any time, or from time to time, upon not less than 
three (3) Business Days’ prior notice to the Administrative Agent (which 
shall promptly notify the Lenders) of each such reduction, which notice 
shall specify the effective date thereof and the amount of any such 
termination or reduction (which shall not be less than $1,000,000 or any 
whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof; and no more than an amount 
by which the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments would be less than the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans plus the LC Exposure, 
after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment pursuant to Section 4.01) 
and shall be irrevocable and
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
effective only upon receipt by the Administrative Agent. The Aggregate 
Revolving Credit Commitments once terminated or reduced may not be 
reinstated.


Section 2.04 Fees.

(a) Commitment Fee. The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for 
the account of each Lender a commitment fee on the daily average unused 
amount of the Borrowing Base for each Borrowing Base Period up to, but 
excluding, the earlier of the date the Aggregate Revolving Credit 
Commitments are terminated or the Revolving Credit Termination Date at a 
rate per annum equal to thirty-seven and one-half basis points (0.375%). 
Accrued commitment fees shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each 
Quarterly Date and on the earlier of the date the Aggregate Revolving 
Credit Commitments are terminated or the Revolving Credit Termination Date.

(b) Increase in Borrowing Base. The Borrower shall pay to the 
Administrative Agent, as a fee for the ratable account of the Lenders (i) a 
fee equal to one-quarter of one percent (0.25%) of the Initial Borrowing 
Base and (ii) a fee equal to one quarter of one percent (0.25%) of each 
marginal increase in the then current Borrowing Base. Any fee arising under 
this Section 2.04(b) is to be paid upon the Closing Date in the case of 
clause (i) and upon the effective date of the related Borrowing Base 
increase in the case of clause (ii).

(c) Letter of Credit Fees.

(i) The Borrower agrees to pay the Administrative Agent, for the account of 
each Lender, commissions for issuing the Letters of Credit on the daily 
average outstanding of the maximum liability of the Issuing Bank existing 
from time to time under such Letter of Credit (calculated separately for 
each Letter of Credit) at the rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin 
in effect from time to time for LIBOR Loans. Each Letter of Credit shall be 
deemed to be outstanding up to the full face amount of the Letter of Credit 
until the Issuing Bank has received the canceled Letter of Credit or a 
written cancellation of the Letter of Credit from the beneficiary of such 
Letter of Credit in form and substance acceptable to the Issuing Bank, or 
for any reductions in the amount of the Letter of Credit (other than from a 
drawing), written notification from the beneficiary of such Letter of 
Credit. Such commissions are payable in advance at issuance of the Letter 
of Credit for the first year thereof and thereafter, quarterly in arrears 
on each Quarterly Date and upon cancellation or expiration of each such 
Letter of Credit.

(ii) The Borrower agrees to pay the Administrative Agent, for the account 
of the Issuing Bank, commissions for issuing the Letters of Credit 
(calculated separately for each Letter of Credit) equal to 0.25% of the 
face amount of each Letter of Credit, payable upon issuance of such Letter 
of Credit.

(d) Engineering Fee. The Borrower shall pay to Administrative Agent for its 
account an engineering fee on the commencement of each Borrowing Base 
Period in the amount of $15,000.00 in connection with each Scheduled 
Borrowing Base review commencing on the Closing Date, and in connection 
with each Special Borrowing Base Determination requested by the Borrower, 
which shall be due on the date of the Borrower’s request for the Special 
Borrowing Base Determination.


Section 2.05 Several Obligations.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The failure of any Lender to make any Loan to be made by it or to provide 
funds for disbursements or reimbursements under Letters of Credit on the 
date specified therefor shall not relieve any other Lender of its 
obligation to make its Loan or provide funds on such date, but no Lender 
shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make a Loan to 
be made by such other Lender or to provide funds to be provided by such 
other Lender.


Section 2.06 Notes.

The Loans made by each Lender shall be evidenced by a single promissory 
note of the Borrower in substantially the form of Exhibit A dated (i) the 
Closing Date or (ii) the effective date of an assignment pursuant to 
Section 12.05(b), payable to the order of such Lender in a principal amount 
equal to its Maximum Revolving Credit Amount as originally in effect and 
otherwise duly completed and such substitute Notes as required by Section 
12.05(b). The date, amount, Type, interest rate and Interest Period of each 
Loan made by each Lender, and all payments made on account of the principal 
thereof, shall be recorded by such Lender on its books for its Note, and, 
prior to any transfer may be endorsed by such Lender on the schedule 
attached to such Note or any continuation thereof or on any separate record 
maintained by such Lender. Failure to make any such notation or to attach a 
schedule shall not affect any Lender’s or the Borrower’s rights or 
obligations in respect of such Loans or affect the validity of such 
transfer by any Lender of its Note.


Section 2.07 Prepayments.

(a) Voluntary Prepayments. The Borrower may prepay the Base Rate Loans upon 
not less than one (1) Business Day’s prior notice to the Administrative 
Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), which notice shall specify 
the prepayment date (which shall be a Business Day) and the amount of the 
prepayment (which shall be at least $100,000 or the remaining aggregate 
principal balance outstanding on the Notes) and shall be irrevocable and 
effective only upon receipt by the Administrative Agent, provided that 
interest on the principal prepaid, accrued to the prepayment date, shall be 
paid on the prepayment date. The Borrower may prepay LIBOR Loans on the 
same conditions as for Base Rate Loans (except that prior notice to the 
Administrative Agent shall be not less than three (3) Business Days for 
LIBOR Loans) and in addition such prepayments of LIBOR Loans shall be 
subject to the terms of Section 5.05 and shall be in an amount equal to all 
of the LIBOR Loans for the Interest Period prepaid. In the event of a 
voluntary prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.07(a), Borrower shall be 
entitled to reborrow such amounts pursuant to Section 2.01.

(b) Mandatory Prepayments.

(i) Borrowing Base. If a Borrowing Base Deficiency results from the 
redetermination of the Borrowing Base or a reduction in the Borrowing Base 
pursuant to Section 2.08(b), then the Borrower shall, within thirty (30) 
days, (i) prepay the Loans in an aggregate principal amount sufficient to 
eliminate such Borrowing Base Deficiency, together with interest on the 
principal amount paid accrued to the date of each such prepayment, (ii) 
pledge, or cause any Subsidiary to pledge, additional unencumbered 
collateral of sufficient value and character (as determined by the 
Administrative Agent and the Lenders in their sole discretion) that when 
added to the existing collateral shall cause the Borrowing Base to equal or 
exceed the aggregate outstanding Loans plus the LC Exposure, or (iii) any 
combination of (i) and (ii) satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and 
the Lenders. If, because of LC Exposure, a Borrowing Base Deficiency 
remains after prepaying all of the Loans, the Borrower shall pay to the 
Administrative
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agent on behalf of the Lenders an amount equal to such remaining Borrowing 
Base Deficiency to be held as cash collateral as provided in Section 
2.10(b).

(ii) Upon Procurement of Capital. If, at any time after the Closing Date, 
the Borrower obtains funds by the sale of capital stock or any other equity 
offering or by the issuance of subordinated unsecured Debt to the extent 
permitted by the terms of this Agreement, and if at such time there exists 
a Borrowing Base Deficiency, the proceeds obtained by such capital stock or 
other equity offering or issuance of such Debt shall first be used to pay 
such Borrowing Base Deficiency.

(c) Generally. Prepayments permitted or required under this Section 2.07 
shall be without premium or penalty, except as required under Section 5.05 
for prepayment of LIBOR Loans. Any prepayments on the Loans may be 
reborrowed subject to the then effective Aggregate Revolving Credit 
Commitments.


Section 2.08 Borrowing Base.

(a) The Borrowing Base shall be determined in accordance with Section 
2.08(b) by the Administrative Agent with the concurrence of the Lenders and 
is subject to redetermination in accordance with Section 2.08(c). Upon any 
redetermination of the Borrowing Base, such redetermination shall remain in 
effect until the next successive Redetermination Date. So long as any of 
the Commitments are in effect or any LC Exposure or Loans are outstanding 
hereunder, this facility shall be governed by the then effective Borrowing 
Base. During the period from and after the Closing Date until the first 
redetermination pursuant to Section 2.08 or adjusted pursuant to Section 
8.07(b), the amount of the Borrowing Base shall be $35,000,000 (the “
Initial Borrowing Base”).

(b) Upon receipt of the reports required by Section 8.07 and such other 
reports, data and supplemental information as may from time to time be 
reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent (the “Engineering Reports
”), the Borrowing Base shall be redetermined for each Borrowing Base Period 
and each such redetermination shall be effective as of the date set forth 
in such notice of redetermination (the “Scheduled Redetermination Date”). 
The Borrowing Base shall be determined based upon the loan collateral value 
assigned to the Mortgaged Properties and such other credit factors 
(including without limitation the assets, liabilities, cash flow, business, 
properties, prospects, management and ownership of the Borrower) which the 
Lenders deem significant. The Lenders’ determination of the Borrowing Base 
shall be in their sole discretion and shall not be subject to review or 
challenge. Upon each redetermination of the Borrowing Base, the 
Administrative Agent shall recommend to the Lenders a new Borrowing Base 
and the Lenders in accordance with their customary policies and procedures 
for extending credit to oil and gas reserve-based customers shall (by 
unanimous agreement) establish the redetermined Borrowing Base; provided, 
however, that any decrease in the Borrowing Base or reaffirmation of the 
existing Borrowing Base shall require Majority Lender approval. If the 
Borrower does not furnish the Engineering Reports by the date required, the 
Lenders may nonetheless determine a new Borrowing Base. It is expressly 
understood that the Lenders shall have no obligation to determine the 
Borrowing Base at any particular amount, either in relation to the Maximum 
Revolving Credit Amount or otherwise.

(c) In addition to “Scheduled Borrowing Base Determinations” pursuant to 
Section 2.08(b), the Borrower and the Lenders may each request one (1) 
additional redetermination of the Borrowing Base during each Borrowing Base 
Period. In the event the Borrower requests a “Special Borrowing Base 
Determination” pursuant to this Section 2.08(c),
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Borrower shall deliver written notice of such request to the 
Administrative Agent which shall include: (i) Engineering Report(s) 
prepared as of a date not more than thirty (30) calendar days prior to the 
date of such request, and (ii) such other information as Administrative 
Agent and the Lenders shall request prepared as of a date not more than 
thirty (30) calendar days prior to the date of such request. Likewise, in 
the event the Lenders exercise their option for a Special Borrowing Base 
Determination, the Administrative Agent shall give the Borrower notice of 
the redetermined Borrowing Base.


Section 2.09 Assumption of Risks.

The Borrower assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary 
of any Letter of Credit or any transferee thereof with respect to its use 
of such Letter of Credit. Neither the Issuing Bank (except in the case of 
gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Bank or 
any of its employees), its correspondents nor any Lender shall be 
responsible for the validity, sufficiency or genuineness of certificates or 
other documents or any endorsements thereon, even if such certificates or 
other documents should in fact prove to be invalid, insufficient, 
fraudulent or forged; for errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in 
transmissions or delivery of any messages by mail, telex, or otherwise, 
whether or not they be in code; for errors in translation or for errors in 
interpretation of technical terms; the validity or sufficiency of any 
instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign 
any Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds 
thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective 
for any reason; the failure of any beneficiary or any transferee of any 
Letter of Credit to comply fully with conditions required in order to draw 
upon any Letter of Credit; or for any other consequences arising from 
causes beyond the Issuing Bank’s control or the control of the Issuing 
Bank’s correspondents. In addition, neither the Issuing Bank, the 
Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall be responsible for any error, 
neglect, or default of any of the Issuing Bank’s correspondents; and none 
of the above shall affect, impair or prevent the vesting of any of the 
Issuing Bank’s, the Administrative Agent’s or any Lender’s rights or powers 
hereunder or under the Letter of Credit Agreements, all of which rights 
shall be cumulative. The Issuing Bank and its correspondents may accept 
certificates or other documents that appear on their face to be in order, 
without responsibility for further investigation of any matter contained 
therein regardless of any notice or information to the contrary. In 
furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing provisions, the Borrower 
agrees that any action, inaction or omission taken or not taken by the 
Issuing Bank or by any correspondent for the Issuing Bank in good faith in 
connection with any Letter of Credit, or any related drafts, certificates, 
documents or instruments, shall be binding on the Borrower and shall not 
put the Issuing Bank or its correspondents under any resulting liability to 
the Borrower.


Section 2.10 Obligation to Reimburse and to Prepay.

(a) If a disbursement by the Issuing Bank is made under any Letter of 
Credit, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent within two (2) 
Business Days after notice of any such disbursement is received by the 
Borrower, the amount of each such disbursement made by the Issuing Bank 
under the Letter of Credit (if such payment is not sooner effected as may 
be required under this Section 2.10 or under other provisions of the Letter 
of Credit), together with interest on the amount disbursed from and 
including the date of disbursement until payment in full of such disbursed 
amount at a varying rate per annum equal to (i) the then applicable 
interest rate for Base Rate Loans through the second Business Day after 
notice of such disbursement is received by the Borrower and (ii) 
thereafter, the Post-Default Rate for Base Rate Loans (but in no event to 
exceed the Highest Lawful Rate) for the period from and including the third 
Business Day following the date of such disbursement to and including the 
date of repayment in full of such disbursed amount. The obligations of the 
Borrower under this Agreement with respect to each Letter of Credit shall 
be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall be paid or
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all 
circumstances whatsoever, including, without limitation, but only to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the following circumstances: 
(i) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any Letter of 
Credit or any of the Security Instruments; (ii) any amendment or waiver of 
(including any default), or any consent to departure from this Agreement 
(except to the extent permitted by any amendment or waiver), any Letter of 
Credit or any of the Security Instruments; (iii) the existence of any 
claim, set-off, defense or other rights which the Borrower may have at any 
time against the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any transferee of 
any Letter of Credit (or any Persons for whom any such beneficiary or any 
such transferee may be acting), the Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent, 
any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, 
any Letter of Credit, the Security Instruments, the transactions 
contemplated hereby or any unrelated transaction; (iv) any statement, 
certificate, draft, notice or any other document presented under any Letter 
of Credit proves to have been forged, fraudulent, insufficient or invalid 
in any respect or any statement therein proves to have been untrue or 
inaccurate in any respect whatsoever; (v) payment by the Issuing Bank under 
any Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft certificate which 
appears on its face to comply, but does not comply, with the terms of such 
Letter of Credit; and (vi) any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, 
whether or not similar to any of the foregoing.

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Borrower 
will not be liable for payment or performance that results from the gross 
negligence or willful misconduct of the Issuing Bank, except (i) where the 
Borrower or any Subsidiary actually recovers the proceeds for itself or the 
Issuing Bank of any payment made by the Issuing Bank in connection with 
such gross negligence or willful misconduct or (ii) in cases where the 
Administrative Agent makes payment to the named beneficiary of a Letter of 
Credit.

(b) In the event of the occurrence of any Event of Default, a payment or 
prepayment pursuant to Section 2.07(b) or the maturity of the Notes, 
whether by acceleration or otherwise, an amount equal to the LC Exposure 
(or the excess in the case of Section 2.07(b)) shall be deemed to be 
forthwith due and owing by the Borrower to the Issuing Bank, the 
Administrative Agent and the Lenders as of the date of any such occurrence; 
and the Borrower’s obligation to pay such amount shall be absolute and 
unconditional, without regard to whether any beneficiary of any such Letter 
of Credit has attempted to draw down all or a portion of such amount under 
the terms of a Letter of Credit, and, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, shall not be subject to any defense or be affected by a 
right of set-off, counterclaim or recoupment which the Borrower may now or 
hereafter have against any such beneficiary, the Issuing Bank, the 
Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any other Person for any reason 
whatsoever. Such payments shall be held by the Issuing Bank on behalf of 
the Lenders as cash collateral securing the LC Exposure in an account or 
accounts at the Principal Office; and the Borrower hereby grants to and by 
its deposit with the Administrative Agent grants to the Administrative 
Agent a security interest in such cash collateral. In the event of any such 
payment by the Borrower of amounts contingently owing under outstanding 
Letters of Credit and in the event that thereafter drafts or other demands 
for payment complying with the terms of such Letters of Credit are not made 
prior to the respective expiration dates thereof, the Administrative Agent 
agrees, if no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or if no 
other amounts are outstanding under this Agreement, the Notes or the 
Security Instruments, to remit to the Borrower amounts for which the 
contingent obligations evidenced by the Letters of Credit have ceased.

(c) Each Lender severally and unconditionally agrees that it shall promptly 
reimburse the Issuing Bank an amount equal to such Lender’s Percentage 
Share of any
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
disbursement made by the Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit that is 
not reimbursed according to this Section 2.10.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if no 
Default exists and subject to availability under the Aggregate Revolving 
Credit Commitments (after reduction for LC Exposure), to the extent the 
Borrower has not reimbursed the Issuing Bank for any drawn upon Letter of 
Credit within one (1) Business Day after notice of such disbursement has 
been received by the Borrower, the amount of such Letter of Credit 
reimbursement obligation shall automatically be funded by the Lenders as a 
Loan hereunder and used by the Lenders to pay such Letter of Credit 
reimbursement obligation. If an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, or if the funding of such Letter of Credit reimbursement 
obligation as a Loan would cause the aggregate amount of all Loans 
outstanding to exceed the Aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments (after 
reduction for LC Exposure), such Letter of Credit reimbursement obligation 
shall not be funded as a Loan, but instead shall accrue interest as 
provided in Section 2.10(a).


Section 2.11 Lending Offices.

The Loans of each Type made by each Lender shall be made and maintained at 
such Lender’s Applicable Lending Office for Loans of such Type.



ARTICLE III


Payments of Principal and Interest


Section 3.01 Repayment of Loans.

(a) Loans. On the Revolving Credit Termination Date the Borrower shall 
repay the outstanding aggregate principal of the Notes.

(b) Generally. The Borrower will pay to the Administrative Agent, for the 
account of each Lender, the principal payments required by this Section 
3.01.


Section 3.02 Interest.

(a) Interest Rates. The Borrower will pay to the Administrative Agent, for 
the account of each Lender, interest on the unpaid principal amount of each 
Loan made by such Lender for the period commencing on the date such Loan is 
made to, but excluding, the date such Loan shall be paid in full, at the 
following rates per annum:

(A) if such a Loan is a Base Rate Loan, the Base Rate (as in effect from 
time to time) plus the Applicable Margin, but in no event to exceed the 
Highest Lawful Rate; and

(B) if such a Loan is a LIBOR Loan, for each Interest Period relating 
thereto, the LIBOR Rate for such Loan plus the Applicable Margin (as in 
effect from time to time), but in no event to exceed the Highest Lawful 
Rate.

(b) Post-Default Rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower will pay 
to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender interest at the 
applicable Post-Default Rate on any of any Loan made by such Lender, and 
(to the fullest extent permitted by law) on any other amount payable by the 
Borrower hereunder, under any Loan Document or under any Note
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
held by such Lender to or for account of such Lender, for the period 
commencing on the date of an Event of Default until the same is paid in 
full or all Events of Default are cured or waived.

(c) Due Dates. Accrued interest on Base Rate Loans shall be payable on each 
Quarterly Date commencing on October 1, 2007, and accrued interest on each 
LIBOR Loan shall be payable on the last day of the Interest Period therefor 
and, if such Interest Period is longer than three months at three-month 
intervals following the first day of such Interest Period, except that 
interest payable at the Post-Default Rate shall be payable from time to 
time on demand and interest on any LIBOR Loan that is converted into a Base 
Rate Loan (pursuant to Section 5.04) shall be payable on the date of 
conversion (but only to the extent so converted). Any accrued and unpaid 
interest on the Loans on the Revolving Credit Termination Date shall be 
paid on such date.

(d) Determination of Rates. Promptly after the determination of any 
interest rate provided for herein or any change therein, the Administrative 
Agent shall notify the Lenders to which such interest is payable and the 
Borrower thereof. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an 
interest rate or fee hereunder shall, except in cases of manifest error, be 
final, conclusive and binding on the parties.



ARTICLE IV


Payments; Pro Rata Treatment; Computations; Etc.


Section 4.01 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent’s Clawback.

(a) General. Except to the extent otherwise provided herein, all payments 
of principal, interest and other amounts to be made by the Borrower under 
this Agreement, the Notes, Letters of Credit, and the Letter of Credit 
Agreements shall be made in Dollars, in immediately available funds, to the 
Administrative Agent at such account as the Administrative Agent shall 
specify by notice to the Borrower from time to time, not later than 11:00 
a.m. Houston, Texas time on the date on which such payments shall become 
due (each such payment made after such time on such due date to be deemed 
to have been made on the next succeeding Business Day). Such payments shall 
be made without (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law) 
defense, set-off or counterclaim. Each payment received by the 
Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any Note for account of a 
Lender shall be paid promptly to such Lender in immediately available 
funds. Except as otherwise provided in the definition of “Interest Period
”, if the due date of any payment under this Agreement or any Note would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day such date shall be 
extended to the next succeeding Business Day and interest shall be payable 
for any principal so extended for the period of such extension. At the time 
of each payment to the Administrative Agent of any principal of or interest 
on any borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of the 
Loans to which such payment shall apply. In the absence of such notice the 
Administrative Agent may specify the Loans to which such payment shall 
apply, but to the extent possible such payment or prepayment will be 
applied first to the Loans comprised of Base Rate Loans.

(b) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent. Unless the 
Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the 
proposed date of any borrowing that such Lender will not make available to 
the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such borrowing, the 
Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share 
available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of 
a borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share 
available in accordance with and at the
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
time required by Section 2.02) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, 
make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a 
Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable borrowing available 
to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower 
severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such 
corresponding amount in immediately available funds with interest thereon, 
for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to 
the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative 
Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the 
greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the 
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank 
compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees 
customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the 
foregoing, and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, 
the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such 
Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or 
an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the 
Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. 
If such Lender pays its share of the applicable borrowing to the 
Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such 
Lender’s Loan included in such borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall 
be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender 
that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.

(c) Payments by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent. Unless the 
Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to 
the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the 
account of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will 
not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the 
Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, 
in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing 
Bank, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower 
has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing 
Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative 
Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or the 
Issuing Bank, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for 
each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to 
but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the 
greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the 
Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank 
compensation.


Section 4.02 Pro Rata Treatment.

Except to the extent otherwise provided herein each Lender agrees that: (i) 
each borrowing from the Lenders under Section 2.01 and each continuation 
and conversion under Section 2.02 shall be made from the Lenders pro rata 
in accordance with their Percentage Share, each payment of fees under 
Sections 2.04(a), 2.04(b), and 2.04(c)(i) shall be made for account of the 
Lenders pro rata in accordance with their Percentage Share, and each 
termination or reduction of the amount of the Aggregate Maximum Revolving 
Credit Amounts under Section 2.03(b) shall be applied to the Commitment of 
each Lender, pro rata according to the amounts of its respective 
Commitment; (ii) each payment of principal of Loans by the Borrower shall 
be made for account of the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the 
respective unpaid principal amount of the Loans held by the Lenders; and 
(iii) each payment of interest on Loans by the Borrower shall be made for 
account of the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the amounts of interest 
due and payable to the respective Lenders; and (iv) each reimbursement by 
the Borrower of disbursements under Letters of Credit shall be made for 
account of the Issuing Bank or, if funded by the Lenders, pro rata for the 
account of the Lenders, in accordance with the amounts of reimbursement 
obligations due and payable to each respective Lender.


Section 4.03 Computations.
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interest on LIBOR Loans and fees shall be computed on the basis of a year 
of 360 days and actual days elapsed (including the first day but excluding 
the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest is payable, 
unless such calculation would exceed the Highest Lawful Rate, in which case 
interest shall be calculated on the per annum basis of a year of 365 or 366 
days, as the case may be. Interest on Base Rate Loans shall be computed on 
the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days 
elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in 
the period for which such interest is payable.


Section 4.04 Non-receipt of Funds by the Administrative Agent.

Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by a Lender or the 
Borrower prior to the date on which such notifying party is scheduled to 
make payment to the Administrative Agent (in the case of a Lender) of the 
proceeds of a Loan or a payment under a Letter of Credit to be made by it 
hereunder or (in the case of the Borrower) a payment to the Administrative 
Agent for account of one or more of the Lenders hereunder (such payment 
being herein called the “Required Payment”), which notice shall be 
effective upon receipt, that it does not intend to make the Required 
Payment to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume 
that the Required Payment has been made and may, in reliance upon such 
assumption (but shall not be required to), make the amount thereof 
available to the intended recipient(s) on such date and, if such Lender or 
the Borrower (as the case may be) has not in fact made the Required Payment 
to the Administrative Agent, the recipient(s) of such payment shall, on 
demand, repay to the Administrative Agent the amount so made available 
together with interest thereon in respect of each day during the period 
commencing on the date such amount was so made available by the 
Administrative Agent until, but excluding, the date the Administrative 
Agent recovers such amount at a rate per annum which, for any Lender as 
recipient, will be equal to the Federal Funds Rate, and for the Borrower as 
recipient, will be equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin.


Section 4.05 Set-off, Sharing of Payments, Etc.

(a) If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each 
Lender, the Issuing Bank and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby 
authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits 
(general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever 
currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at 
any time owing by such Lender, the Issuing Bank or any such Affiliate to or 
for the credit or the account of the Borrower or any other Obligor against 
any and all of the obligations of the Borrower or any other Obligor now or 
hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such 
Lender or the Issuing Bank, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or 
the Issuing Bank shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any 
other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower or any 
other Obligor may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or 
office of such Lender or the Issuing Bank different from the branch or 
office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness. The rights 
of each Lender, the Issuing Bank and their respective Affiliates under this 
Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other 
rights of setoff) that such Lender, the Issuing Bank or their respective 
Affiliates may have. Each Lender and the Issuing Bank agrees to notify the 
Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and 
application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect 
the validity of such setoff and application.

(b) If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim 
or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on 
any of the Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Exposure 
resulting in such Lender’s receiving payment of a proportion of the 
aggregate amount of such Loans or participations and accrued interest 
thereon
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender 
receiving such greater proportion shall (i) notify the Administrative Agent 
of such fact, and (ii) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in 
the Loans and subparticipations in L/C Exposure, or make such other 
adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments 
shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate 
amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and 
other amounts owing them, provided that:

(i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all 
or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such 
participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase 
price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and

(ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (y) 
any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the 
express terms of this Agreement or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as 
consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of 
its Loans or subparticipations in L/C Exposure, other than to the Borrower 
or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall 
apply).


Each Obligor consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may 
effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a 
participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against 
such Obligor rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such 
participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such 
Obligor in the amount of such participation.


Section 4.06 Taxes.

(a) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any 
obligation of the Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall 
be made free and clear of and without reduction or withholding for any 
Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, provided that if the Borrower shall be 
required by applicable law to deduct any Indemnified Taxes (including any 
Other Taxes) from such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be 
increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions 
(including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this 
Section) the Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank, as the case may 
be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such 
deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and 
(iii) the Borrower shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the 
relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.

(b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. Without limiting the provisions 
of subsection (a) above, the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to 
the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.

(c) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify the 
Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Issuing Bank, within ten (10) 
days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or 
Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted 
on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) paid by the 
Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, 
and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or 
with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes 
were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental 
Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability 
delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or the Issuing Bank (with a copy to 
the
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or 
on behalf of a Lender or the Issuing Bank, shall be conclusive absent 
manifest error.

(d) Evidence of Payments. As soon as practicable after any payment of 
Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental 
Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the 
original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental 
Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such 
payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent.

(e) Status of Lenders. Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption 
from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in 
which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes, or any treaty to which 
such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments hereunder or under 
any other Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the 
Administrative Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law or 
reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such 
properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law 
as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced 
rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrower 
or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation 
prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the 
Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative 
Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup 
withholding or information reporting requirements.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the 
Borrower is resident for tax purposes in the United States, any Foreign 
Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such 
number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the 
date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement 
(and from time to time thereafter upon the request of the Borrower or the 
Administrative Agent, but only if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled 
to do so), whichever of the following is applicable:

(i) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN claiming 
eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States 
is a party,

(ii) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI,

(iii) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the 
exemption for portfolio interest under section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a 
certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a “bank” 
within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a “10 percent 
shareholder” of the Borrower within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(B) of 
the Code, or (C) a “controlled foreign corporation” described in section 
881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (y) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue 
Service Form W-8BEN, or

(iv) any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming 
exemption from or a reduction in United States Federal withholding tax duly 
completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be 
prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower to determine the 
withholding or deduction required to be made.

(f) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If the Administrative Agent, any Lender 
or the Issuing Bank determines, in its sole discretion, that it has 
received a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been 
indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section, it shall pay to the 
Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of 
indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under 
this Section with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such 
refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent, 
such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, and without interest 
(other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with 
respect to such refund), provided that the Borrower, upon the request of 
the Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank, agrees to repay 
the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other 
charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the 
Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank in the event the 
Administrative Agent, such Lender or the Issuing Bank is required to repay 
such refund to such Governmental Authority. This subsection shall not be 
construed to require the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing 
Bank to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating 
to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other 
Person.



ARTICLE V


Capital Adequacy


Section 5.01 Increased Costs.

(a) Increased Costs Generally. If any Change in Law shall:

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, 
compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, 
deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in 
by, any Lender (except any Reserve Requirement reflected in the LIBOR Rate, 
or the Issuing Bank;

(ii) subject any Lender or the Issuing Bank to any tax of any kind 
whatsoever with respect to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, any 
participation in a Letter of Credit or any LIBOR Loans made by it, or 
change the basis of taxation of payments to such Lender or the Issuing Bank 
in respect thereof (except for Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes covered by 
Section 3.01 and the imposition of, or any change in the rate of, any 
Excluded Tax payable by such Lender or the Issuing Bank); or

(iii) impose on any Lender or the Issuing Bank or the London interbank 
market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or 
LIBOR Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation 
therein;

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to 
such Lender of making or maintaining any LIBOR Loan (or of maintaining its 
obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender 
or the Issuing Bank of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter 
of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue 
any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or 
receivable by such Lender or the Issuing Bank hereunder (whether of 
principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender 
or the Issuing Bank, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the Issuing 
Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will 
compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for such 
additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.

(b) Capital Requirements. If any Lender or the Issuing Bank determines that 
any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the Issuing Bank or any Lending 
Office of such Lender
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
or such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s holding company, if any, regarding 
capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of 
return on such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s capital or on the capital of 
such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s holding company, if any, as a 
consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans 
made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or 
the Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank, to a level below that 
which such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender’s or the Issuing 
Bank’s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law 
(taking into consideration such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s policies and 
the policies of such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s holding company with 
respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay 
to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional 
amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or 
such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s holding company for any such reduction 
suffered.

(c) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of a Lender or the 
Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate 
such Lender or the Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, 
as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the 
Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay 
such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as 
due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.

(d) Delay in Requests. Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the 
Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of 
this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s or the Issuing 
Bank’s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall 
not be required to compensate a Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to the 
foregoing provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or 
reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such 
Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of 
the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of 
such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s intention to claim compensation 
therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased 
costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to 
above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect 
thereof).


Section 5.02 Limitation on LIBOR Loans.

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if, on or prior to the 
determination of any LIBOR Rate for any Interest Period:

(i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be 
conclusive, absent manifest error) that quotations of interest rates for 
the relevant deposits referred to in the definition of “LIBOR Rate” in 
Section 1.02 are not being provided in the relevant amounts or for the 
relevant maturities for purposes of determining rates of interest for LIBOR 
Loans as provided herein; or

(ii) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be 
conclusive, absent manifest error) that the relevant rates of interest 
referred to in the definition of “LIBOR Rate” in Section 1.02 upon the 
basis of which the rate of interest for LIBOR Loans for such Interest 
Period is to be determined are not sufficient to adequately cover the cost 
to the Lenders of making or maintaining LIBOR Loans; then the 
Administrative Agent shall give the Borrower prompt notice thereof, and so 
long as such condition remains in effect, the Lenders shall be under no 
obligation to make additional LIBOR Loans.
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.03 Illegality.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the event that it 
becomes unlawful for any Lender or its Applicable Lending Office to honor 
its obligation to make or maintain LIBOR Loans hereunder, then such Lender 
shall promptly notify the Borrower thereof and such Lender’s obligation to 
make LIBOR Loans shall be suspended until such time as such Lender may 
again make and maintain LIBOR Loans (in which case the provisions of 
Section 5.04 shall be applicable).


Section 5.04 Base Rate Loans Pursuant to Sections 5.01, 5.02 and 5.03.

If the obligation of any Lender to make LIBOR Loans shall be suspended 
pursuant to Sections 5.01, 5.02 or 5.03 (“Affected Loans”), all Affected 
Loans which would otherwise be made by such Lender shall be made instead as 
Base Rate Loans (and, if an event referred to in Section 5.01(a) or 
Section 5.03 has occurred and such Lender so requests by notice to the 
Borrower, all Affected Loans of such Lender then outstanding shall be 
automatically converted into Base Rate Loans on the date specified by such 
Lender in such notice) and, to the extent that Affected Loans are so made 
as (or converted into) Base Rate Loans, all payments of principal which 
would otherwise be applied to such Lender’s Affected Loans shall be applied 
instead to its Base Rate Loans.


Section 5.05 Compensation.

The Borrower shall pay to each Lender within thirty (30) days of receipt of 
written request of such Lender (which request shall set forth, in 
reasonable detail, the basis for requesting such amounts and which shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes provided that such determinations 
are made on a reasonable basis), such amount or amounts as shall compensate 
it for any loss, cost, expense or liability which such Lender determines 
are attributable to:

(i) any payment, prepayment or conversion of a LIBOR Loan properly made by 
such Lender or the Borrower for any reason (including, without limitation, 
the acceleration of the Loans pursuant to Section 10.01) on a date other 
than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan; or

(ii) any failure by the Borrower for any reason (including but not limited 
to, the failure of any of the conditions precedent specified in Article VI 
to be satisfied) to borrow, continue or convert a LIBOR Loan from such 
Lender on the date for such borrowing, continuation or conversion specified 
in the relevant notice given pursuant to Section 2.02(c).


Without limiting the effect of the preceding sentence, such compensation 
shall include an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of 
interest which would have accrued on the principal amount so paid, prepaid 
or converted or not borrowed for the period from the date of such payment, 
prepayment or conversion or failure to borrow to the last day of the 
Interest Period for such Loan (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, the 
Interest Period for such Loan which would have commenced on the date 
specified for such borrowing) at the applicable rate of interest for such 
Loan provided for herein over (ii) the interest component of the amount 
such Lender would have bid in the London interbank market for Dollar 
deposits of leading banks in amounts comparable to such principal amount 
and with maturities comparable to such period (as reasonably determined by 
such Lender).


Section 5.06 Replacement Lenders; Mitigation Obligations.

(a) Designation of a Different Lending Office. If any Lender requests 
compensation under Section 5.01, or the Borrower is required to pay any 
additional amount to
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender 
pursuant to Section 4.06, or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to 
Section 5.03, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a 
different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to 
assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, 
branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such 
designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable 
pursuant to Section 4.06 or 5.01, as the case may be, in the future, or 
eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 5.03, as applicable, 
and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed 
cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. 
The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses 
incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or 
assignment.

(b) Replacement of Lenders. If any Lender requests compensation under 
Section 5.01, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount 
to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender 
pursuant to Section 4.06, or if any Lender defaults in its obligation to 
fund Loans hereunder, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and 
effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require 
such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with 
and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, 
Section 12.05, all of its interests, rights and obligations under this 
Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume 
such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts 
such assignment), provided, that:

(i) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment 
fee specified in Section 12.05.

(ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the 
outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in Letters of Credit, 
accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it 
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under 
Section 5.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal 
and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other 
amounts);

(iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for 
compensation under Section 5.01 or payments required to be made pursuant to 
Section 4.06, such assignment will result in a reduction in such 
compensation or payments thereafter; and

(iv) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law.

A Lender shall not be required to make such assignment or delegation if, 
prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the 
circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and 
delegation cease to apply.



ARTICLE VI


Conditions Precedent


Section 6.01 Initial Funding.

The obligation of the Lenders to make the Initial Funding is subject to the 
receipt by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of all fees payable 
pursuant to Section 2.04 on or before the Closing Date and the receipt by 
the Administrative Agent of the following documents and satisfaction of the 
other conditions
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
provided in this Section 6.01, each of which shall be satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent in form and substance:

(a) A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the 
Borrower, setting forth (i) resolutions of its board of directors with 
respect to the Borrower’s authorization to execute and deliver the Loan 
Documents, to which it is a party and to enter into the transactions 
contemplated in those documents, (ii) the Responsible Officers of the 
Borrower (y) who are authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which 
Borrower is a party and (z) who will, until replaced by another officer or 
officers duly authorized for that purpose, act as its representative for 
the purposes of signing documents and giving notices and other 
communications in connection with this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby, (iii) specimen signatures of the authorized officers, 
and (iv) the articles or certificate of organization, incorporation and 
bylaws, as applicable, of the Borrower, certified as being true and 
complete. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders may conclusively rely on 
such certificate until the Administrative Agent receives notice in writing 
from the Borrower to the contrary.

(b) A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of each 
Guarantor setting forth (i) resolutions of its or its general partner’s 
board of directors or managers, as applicable, with respect to the 
authorization of such Guarantor to execute and deliver the Loan Documents 
to which it is a party and to enter into the transactions contemplated in 
those documents, (ii) the officers of such Guarantor (y) who are authorized 
to sign the Loan Documents to which such Guarantor is a party and (z) who 
will, until replaced by another officer or officers duly authorized for 
that purpose, act as its representative for the purposes of signing 
documents and giving notices and other communications in connection with 
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) specimen 
signatures of the authorized officers, and (iv) the articles or certificate 
of organization, incorporation and bylaws (or equivalent constituent 
documents) of such Guarantor, and its general partner, as applicable, 
certified as being true and complete. The Administrative Agent and the 
Lenders may conclusively rely on such certificates until they receive 
notice in writing from any Guarantor to the contrary.

(c) Certificates of the appropriate state agencies with respect to the 
existence, qualification and good standing of the Obligors.

(d) A compliance certificate which shall be substantially in the form of 
Exhibit C, duly and properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the 
Borrower and dated as of the date of the Initial Funding.

(e) The Notes, duly completed and executed.

(f) The Security Instruments, including those described on Exhibit D, duly 
completed and executed in sufficient number of counterparts for recording, 
as necessary.

(g) An opinion of Bond & Smyser LLP, counsel to the Obligors and from other 
local counsel acceptable to the Administrative Agent with respect to the 
due formation, authorization and existence of the Obligors and the 
enforceability of the Loan Documents and perfection of the Security 
Instruments under the laws of the states wherein the Oil and Gas Properties 
are located, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative 
Agent, as to such matters incident to the transactions herein contemplated 
as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(h) A certificate of insurance coverage of the Borrower and each Guarantor 
evidencing that the Borrower and each Guarantor are carrying insurance in 
accordance with Section 7.19 and Section 8.03(b).

(i) Title information as the Administrative Agent may require setting forth 
the status of title acceptable to the Administrative Agent to at least 80% 
of the value of the Oil and Gas Properties of the Borrower and the 
Guarantors included in the Initial Reserve Report.

(j) The Administrative Agent shall have been furnished with appropriate UCC 
search certificates and other evidence satisfactory to the Administrative 
Agent with respect the Obligor’s Oil and Gas Properties reflecting no prior 
Liens other than in favor of the Administrative Agent.

(k) Environmental assessment reports relating to all of the Mortgaged 
Properties as may be requested by the Administrative Agent, which may 
include, without limitation, environmental audits, Phase I Reports or other 
environmental reports of any nature whatsoever (whether prepared internally 
or by third party consultants) currently existing or requested by the 
Administrative Agent; and the Administrative Agent must be satisfied with 
the results of the review and environmental condition of the Mortgaged 
Properties.

(l) Financial statements of Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries in 
form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent.

(m) Such other documents as the Administrative Agent or any Lender or 
special counsel to the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.


Section 6.02 Initial and Subsequent Loans and Letters of Credit.

The obligation of the Lenders to make Loans to the Borrower upon the 
occasion of each borrowing hereunder and to issue, renew, extend or reissue 
Letters of Credit for the account of the Borrower (including the Initial 
Funding) is subject to the further conditions precedent that, as of the 
date of such Loans and after giving effect thereto:

(a) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing;

(b) no Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred; and

(c) the representations and warranties made by the Borrower in Article VII 
and in the Security Instruments shall be true on and as of the date of the 
making of such Loans or issuance, renewal, extension or reissuance of a 
Letter of Credit with the same force and effect as if made on and as of 
such date and following such new borrowing, except to the extent such 
representations and warranties are expressly limited to an earlier date or 
the Majority Lenders may expressly consent in writing to the contrary.


Each request for a borrowing or issuance, renewal, extension or reissuance 
of a Letter of Credit by the Borrower hereunder shall constitute a 
certification by the Borrower to the effect set forth in Section 6.02(c) 
(both as of the date of such notice and, unless the Borrower otherwise 
notifies the Administrative Agent prior to the date of and immediately 
following such borrowing or issuance, renewal, extension or reissuance of a 
Letter of Credit as of the date thereof).


Section 6.03 Conditions Precedent for the Benefit of Lenders.
 
36

------------------------------------------------------------------------
All conditions precedent to the obligations of the Lenders to make any Loan 
are imposed hereby solely for the benefit of the Lenders, and no other 
Person may require satisfaction of any such condition precedent or be 
entitled to assume that the Lenders will refuse to make any Loan in the 
absence of strict compliance with such conditions precedent.


Section 6.04 No Waiver.

No waiver of any condition precedent shall preclude the Administrative 
Agent or the Lenders from requiring such condition to be met prior to 
making any subsequent Loan or preclude the Lenders from thereafter 
declaring that the failure of the Borrower to satisfy such condition 
precedent constitutes a Default.



ARTICLE VII


Representations and Warranties


Each of the Obligors represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent 
and the Lenders that (each representation and warranty herein is given as 
of the Closing Date and shall be deemed repeated and reaffirmed on the 
dates of each borrowing and issuance, renewal, extension or reissuance of a 
Letter of Credit as provided in Section 6.02):


Section 7.01 Corporate Existence.

Each of the Obligors: (i) is a corporation, limited liability company or 
limited partnership duly organized, formed, legally existing and in good 
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
formation, as applicable; (ii) has all requisite corporate power, and has 
all material governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals 
necessary to own its assets and carry on its business as now being or as 
proposed to be conducted; and (iii) is qualified to do business in all 
jurisdictions in which the nature of the business conducted by it makes 
such qualification necessary and where failure so to qualify would have a 
Material Adverse Effect.


Section 7.02 Financial Condition.

The unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its 
Consolidated Subsidiaries (giving effect to Borrower’s acquisition of its 
Subsidiaries and Oil and Gas Properties) as at June 30, 2007, and their 
related consolidated statements of income, owners’ equity and cash flow of 
the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for the three month period 
ended on such date heretofore furnished to the Administrative Agent, are/is 
complete and correct and fairly present the consolidated financial 
condition of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as at said 
dates and the results of its operations for the fiscal year and the three 
month period on said dates, all in accordance with GAAP, as applied on a 
consistent basis (subject, in the case of the interim financial statements, 
to normal year-end adjustments). Neither the Borrower nor any Subsidiary 
has on the Closing Date any material Debt, contingent liabilities, 
liabilities for Taxes, unusual forward or long-term commitments or 
unrealized or anticipated losses from any unfavorable commitments, except 
as referred to or reflected or provided for in the Financial Statements or 
in Schedule 7.02. Since the date of the Borrower’s most recent consolidated 
balance sheet delivered to the Administrative Agent, there has been no 
change or event having a Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of the 
Borrower’s most recent consolidated balance sheet delivered to the 
Administrative Agent, neither the business nor the Properties of the 
Borrower or any Subsidiary have been materially and adversely affected as a 
result of any fire, explosion, earthquake, flood, drought, windstorm, 
accident, strike or other labor disturbance, embargo, requisition or taking 
of Property or
 
37

------------------------------------------------------------------------
cancellation of contracts, permits or concessions by any Governmental 
Authority, riot, activities of armed forces or acts of God or of any public 
enemy.


Section 7.03 Litigation.

Except as disclosed to the Lenders in Schedule 7.03 hereto, at the Closing 
Date there is no litigation, legal, administrative or arbitral proceeding, 
investigation or other action of any nature pending or, to the knowledge of 
the Obligors threatened against or affecting the Obligors or any Subsidiary 
which involves the possibility of any judgment or liability against any 
Obligor or any Subsidiary not fully covered by insurance (except for normal 
deductibles), and which would have a Material Adverse Effect.


Section 7.04 No Breach.

Neither the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents, nor compliance 
with the terms and provisions hereof will conflict with or result in a 
breach of, or require any consent which has not been obtained as of the 
Closing Date under, the respective charter or by-laws of the Obligors or 
any Subsidiary, or any Governmental Requirement or any agreement or 
instrument to which any Obligor or any Subsidiary is a party or by which it 
is bound or to which it or its Properties are subject, or constitute a 
default under any such agreement or instrument, or result in the creation 
or imposition of any Lien upon any of the revenues or assets of the Obligor 
or any Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of any such agreement or instrument 
other than the Liens created by the Loan Documents.


Section 7.05 Authority.

Each Obligor and each Subsidiary has all necessary corporate power and 
authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan 
Documents to which it is a party; and the execution, delivery and 
performance by each Obligor and each Subsidiary of the Loan Documents to 
which it is a party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate 
action on its part; and the Loan Documents constitute the legal, valid and 
binding obligations of each Obligor, enforceable in accordance with their 
terms.


Section 7.06 Approvals.

No authorizations, approvals or consents of, and no filings or 
registrations with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person are 
necessary for the execution, delivery or performance by any Obligor of the 
Loan Documents to which it is a party or for the validity or enforceability 
thereof, except for the recording and filing of the Security Instruments as 
required by this Agreement.


Section 7.07 Use of Loans.

The proceeds of the Loans shall be used (i) for the development of the 
Obligors’ Oil and Gas Properties and the acquisition of Oil and Gas 
Properties and related assets by the Obligors, (ii) working capital, (iii) 
Letters of Credit in the aggregate outstanding at any time not to exceed 
$2,000,000 to support the Borrower’s and Guarantors’ obligations, (iv) for 
general company purposes of the Borrower and Guarantors, and (v) to 
refinance Southern Bay Oil & Gas, L.P.’s existing revolving credit facility 
dated as of December 22, 2004, as amended. Neither the Borrower nor any 
other Obligor is engaged principally, or as one of its important 
activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose, whether 
immediate, incidental or ultimate, of buying or carrying margin stock 
(within the meaning of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System) and no part of the proceeds of any Loan 
hereunder will be used to buy or carry any margin stock.


Section 7.08 ERISA.
 
38

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(a) Each Obligor, each Subsidiary and each ERISA Affiliate have complied in 
all material respects with ERISA and, where applicable, the Code regarding 
each Plan.

(b) Each Plan is, and has been, maintained in substantial compliance with 
ERISA and, where applicable, the Code.

(c) No act, omission or transaction has occurred which could result in 
imposition on any Obligor, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate (whether 
directly or indirectly) of (i) either a civil penalty assessed pursuant to 
section 502(c), (i) or (1) of ERISA or a tax imposed pursuant to Chapter 43 
of Subtitle D of the Code or (ii) breach of fiduciary duty liability 
damages under section 409 of ERISA.

(d) No Plan (other than a defined contribution plan) or any trust created 
under any such Plan has been terminated since September 2, 1974. No 
liability to the PBGC (other than for the payment of current premiums which 
are not past due) by any Obligor, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate has 
been or is expected by any Obligor, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate 
to be incurred with respect to any Plan. No ERISA Event with respect to any 
Plan has occurred.

(e) Full payment when due has been made of all amounts which any Obligor, 
any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate is required under the terms of each 
Plan or applicable law to have paid as contributions to such Plan, and no 
accumulated funding deficiency (as defined in section 302 of ERISA and 
section 412 of the Code), whether or not waived, exists with respect to any 
Plan.

(f) The actuarial present value of the benefit liabilities under each Plan 
which is subject to Title IV of ERISA does not, as of the end of each 
Obligor’s most recently ended fiscal year, exceed the current value of the 
assets (computed on a plan termination basis in accordance with Title IV of 
ERISA) of such Plan allocable to such benefit liabilities. The term “
actuarial present value of the benefit liabilities” shall have the meaning 
specified in section 4041 of ERISA.

(g) None of the Obligors, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate sponsors, 
maintains, or contributes to an employee welfare benefit plan, as defined 
in section 3(l) of ERISA, including, without limitation, any such plan 
maintained to provide benefits to former employees of such entities, that 
may not be terminated by an Obligor, a Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate in 
its sole discretion at any time without any material liability.

(h) None of the Obligors, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate sponsors, 
maintains or contributes to, or has at any time in the preceding six 
calendar years, sponsored, maintained or contributed to, any Multiemployer 
Plan.

(i) None of the Obligors, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate is required 
to provide security under section 401 (a)(29) of the Code due to a Plan 
amendment that results in an increase in current liability for the Plan.


Section 7.09 Taxes.

Except as set out in Schedule 7.09, each Obligor and its Subsidiaries has 
filed all United States federal income tax returns and all other tax 
returns which are required to be filed by them and have paid all material 
taxes due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessment received 
by any Obligor or any Subsidiary. The charges, accruals and reserves on the 
books of each Obligor and its Subsidiaries in
 
39

------------------------------------------------------------------------
respect of taxes and other governmental charges are, in the opinion of the 
Borrower, adequate. No tax lien has been filed and, to the knowledge of the 
Obligors, no claim is being asserted with respect to any such tax, fee or 
other charge.


Section 7.10 Titles, etc.

(a) Each of the Obligors and its Subsidiaries has good and defensible title 
to its material (individually or in the aggregate) Properties, free and 
clear of all Liens, except Liens permitted by Section 9.02. After giving 
full effect to the Excepted Liens, each Obligor owns the net interests in 
production attributable to its Hydrocarbon Interests reflected in the most 
recently delivered Reserve Report and the ownership of such Properties 
shall not in any material respect obligate such Obligor to bear the costs 
and expenses relating to the maintenance, development and operations of 
each such Property in an amount in excess of the working interest of each 
Property set forth in the most recently delivered Reserve Report. All 
information contained in the most recently delivered Reserve Report is true 
and correct in all material respects as of the date thereof.

(b) All leases and agreements necessary for the conduct of the business of 
each Obligor and its Subsidiaries are valid and subsisting, in full force 
and effect and there exists no default or event or circumstance which with 
the giving of notice or the passage of time or both would give rise to a 
default under any such lease or leases, which would affect in any material 
respect the conduct of the business of any Obligor and its Subsidiaries.

(c) The rights, Properties and other assets presently owned, leased or 
licensed by each Obligor and its Subsidiaries including, without 
limitation, all easements and rights of way, include all rights, Properties 
and other assets necessary to permit each Obligor and its Subsidiaries to 
conduct its business in all material respects in the same manner as its 
business has been conducted prior to the Closing Date.

(d) All of the assets and Properties of each Obligor and its Subsidiaries 
which are reasonably necessary for the operation of its business are in 
good working condition and are maintained in accordance with prudent 
business standards.


Section 7.11 No Material Misstatements.

No written information, statement, exhibit, certificate, document or report 
furnished to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (or any of them) by 
any Obligor or any Subsidiary in connection with the negotiation of this 
Agreement contained any material misstatement of fact or omitted to state a 
material fact or any fact necessary to make the statement contained therein 
not materially misleading in the light of the circumstances in which made 
and with respect to the Obligors and their Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
There is no fact peculiar to any Obligor or any Subsidiary which has a 
Material Adverse Effect or in the future is reasonably likely to have (so 
far as the Obligors can now foresee) a Material Adverse Effect and which 
has not been set forth in this Agreement or the other documents, 
certificates and statements furnished to the Administrative Agent by or on 
behalf of the Obligors or any Subsidiary prior to, or on, the Closing Date 
in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.


Section 7.12 Investment Company Act.

None of the Obligors nor any Subsidiary is an “investment company” or a 
company “controlled” by an “investment company,” within the meaning of the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
 
40

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 7.13 [Reserved]

Section 7.14 [Reserved].

Section 7.15 Location of Business and Offices.

Each Obligor’s principal place of business and chief executive offices are 
located at the address stated on the signature page of this Agreement. The 
principal place of business and chief executive office of each Subsidiary 
are located at the addresses stated on Schedule 7.15.


Section 7.16 Defaults.

None of the Obligors nor any Subsidiary is in default nor has any event or 
circumstance occurred which, but for the expiration of any applicable grace 
period or the giving of notice, or both, would constitute a default under 
any Material Agreement or instrument to which any Obligor or any Subsidiary 
is a party or by which any Obligor or any Subsidiary is bound. No Default 
hereunder has occurred and is continuing.


Section 7.17 Environmental Matters.

Except as provided in Schedule 7.17 or as would not have a Material Adverse 
Effect (or with respect to (c), (d) and (e) below, where the failure to 
take such actions would not have a Material Adverse Effect):

(a) Neither any Property of any Obligor or any Subsidiary nor the 
operations conducted thereon violate any order or requirement of any court 
or Governmental Authority or any Environmental Laws;

(b) Without limitation of clause (a) above, no Property of any Obligor or 
any Subsidiary nor the operations currently conducted thereon or, to the 
best knowledge of the Obligors, by any prior owner or operator of such 
Property or operation, are in violation of or Subject to any existing, 
pending or threatened action, suit, investigation, inquiry or proceeding by 
or before any court or Governmental Authority or to any remedial 
obligations under Environmental Laws;

(c) All notices, permits, licenses or similar authorizations, if any, 
required to be obtained or filed in connection with the operation or use of 
any and all Property of the Obligors and each Subsidiary, including without 
limitation past or present treatment, storage, disposal or release of a 
hazardous substance or solid waste into the environment, have been duly 
obtained or filed, and the Obligors and each Subsidiary are in compliance 
with the terms and conditions of all such notices, permits, licenses and 
similar authorizations;

(d) All hazardous substances, solid waste, and oil and gas exploration and 
production wastes, if any, generated at any and all Property of any Obligor 
or any Subsidiary have in the past been transported, treated and disposed 
of in accordance with Environmental Laws and so as not to pose an imminent 
and substantial endangerment to public health or welfare or the 
environment, and, to the best knowledge of the Obligors, all such transport 
carriers and treatment and disposal facilities have been and are operating 
in compliance with Environmental Laws and so as not to pose an imminent and 
substantial endangerment to public health or welfare or the environment, 
and are not the subject of any existing, pending or threatened action, 
investigation or inquiry by any Governmental Authority in connection with 
any Environmental Laws;
 
41

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) The Obligors have taken all steps reasonably necessary to determine and 
have determined that no hazardous substances, solid waste, or oil and gas 
exploration and production wastes, have been disposed of or otherwise 
released and there has been no threatened release of any hazardous 
substances on or to any Property of any Obligor or any Subsidiary except in 
compliance with Environmental Laws and so as not to pose an imminent and 
substantial endangerment to public health or welfare or the environment;

(f) To the extent applicable, all Property of the Obligors and each 
Subsidiary currently satisfies all design, operation, and equipment 
requirements imposed by the OPA or scheduled as of the Closing Date to be 
imposed by OPA during the term of this Agreement, and the Obligors do not 
have any reason to believe that such Property, to the extent subject to 
OPA, will not be able to maintain compliance with the OPA requirements 
during the term of this Agreement; and

(g) None of the Obligors nor any Subsidiary has any known contingent 
liability in connection with any release or threatened release of any oil, 
hazardous substance or solid waste into the environment.


Section 7.18 Compliance with the Law.

None of the Obligors nor any Subsidiary has violated any Governmental 
Requirement or failed to obtain any license, permit, franchise or other 
governmental authorization necessary for the ownership of any of its 
Properties or the conduct of its business, which violation or failure would 
have (in the event such violation or failure were asserted by any Person 
through appropriate action) a Material Adverse Effect. Except for such acts 
or failures to act as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, the Oil and 
Gas Properties of the Obligors (and properties unitized therewith) have 
been maintained, operated and developed in a good and workmanlike manner 
and in conformity with all applicable laws and all rules, regulations and 
orders of all duly constituted authorities having jurisdiction and in 
conformity with the provisions of all leases, subleases or other contracts 
comprising a part of the Hydrocarbon Interests and other contracts and 
agreements forming a part of such Oil and Gas Properties; specifically in 
this connection, (i) after the Closing Date, no Oil and Gas Property of any 
Obligor is subject to having allowable production reduced below the full 
and regular allowable (including the maximum permissible tolerance) because 
of any overproduction (whether or not the same was permissible at the time) 
prior to the Closing Date and (ii) none of the wells comprising a part of 
the Oil and Gas Properties of any Obligor (or properties unitized 
therewith) are deviated from the vertical more than the maximum permitted 
by applicable laws, regulations, rules and orders, and such wells are, in 
fact, bottomed under and are producing from, and the well bores are wholly 
within, such Oil and Gas Properties (or in the case of wells located on 
properties unitized therewith, such unitized properties).


Section 7.19 Insurance.

Schedule 7.19 attached hereto contains an accurate and complete description 
of all material policies of fire, liability, workers’ compensation and 
other forms of insurance owned or held by the Obligors and each Subsidiary. 
All such policies are in full force and effect, all premiums with respect 
thereto covering all periods up to and including the date of the closing 
have been paid, and no notice of cancellation or termination has been 
received with respect to any such policy. Such policies are sufficient for 
compliance with all requirements of law and of all agreements to which any 
Obligor or any Subsidiary is a party; are valid, outstanding and 
enforceable policies; provide adequate insurance coverage in at least such 
amounts and against at least such risks (but including in any event public 
liability) as are usually insured against in the same general area by 
companies engaged in the same or a similar business for the assets and 
operations of the Obligors and each Subsidiary; will remain in full force 
and effect through the respective
 
42

------------------------------------------------------------------------
dates set forth in Schedule 7.19 without the payment of additional 
premiums; and will not in any way be affected by, or terminate or lapse by 
reason of, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Schedule 7.19 
identifies all material risks, if any, which each Obligor and its 
Subsidiaries and their respective Board of Directors or officers have 
designated as being self insured. None of the Obligors nor any Subsidiary 
has been refused any insurance with respect to its assets or operations, 
nor has its coverage been limited below usual and customary policy limits, 
by an insurance carrier to which it has applied for any such insurance or 
with which it has carried insurance during the last three years.


Section 7.20 Hedging Agreements.

Schedule 7.20 sets forth, as of the Closing Date, a true and complete list 
of all Hedging Agreements (including commodity price swap agreements, 
forward agreements or contracts of sale which provide for prepayment for 
deferred shipment or delivery of oil, gas or other commodities) of the 
Obligors and each Subsidiary, the material terms thereof (including the 
type, term, effective date, termination date and notional amounts or 
volumes), the net mark to market value thereof, all credit support 
agreements relating thereto (including any margin required or supplied), 
and the counter party to each such agreement.


Section 7.21 Restriction on Liens.

None of the Obligors nor any of their Subsidiaries is a party to any 
agreement or arrangement (other than this Agreement and the Security 
Instruments), or subject to any order, judgment, writ or decree, which 
either restricts or purports to restrict its ability to grant Liens to 
other Persons on or in respect of their respective assets or Properties.


Section 7.22 Material Agreements.

Set forth on Schedule 7.22 is a complete list of all agreements, leases, 
indentures, purchase agreements, obligations in respect of letters of 
credit, guarantees, joint venture agreements, and other instruments which 
are material to Obligors’ business, activities, and operation or ownership 
of Obligors’ Property (the “Material Agreements”) in effect or to be in 
effect as of the Closing Date (other than Hedging Agreements) providing 
for, evidencing, securing or otherwise relating to any Debt of any Obligor 
or any of its Subsidiaries, and all obligations of any Obligor or any 
Subsidiaries to issuers of surety or appeal bonds issued for account of any 
Obligor or any such Subsidiary. The Borrower shall also make available to 
Administrative Agent and Lenders all Material Agreements and other 
agreements and instruments (excluding any such agreements and other 
instruments that are cancelable upon 60 or less days notice) of each 
Obligor and its Subsidiaries relating to the purchase, transportation by 
pipeline, gas processing, marketing, sale and supply of natural gas and 
other Hydrocarbons, but in any event, any such agreement or other 
instrument that will account for more than 10% of the sales of the 
Obligors’ and their Subsidiaries during the Borrower’s current fiscal year. 
Upon request by Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall deliver, or caused 
to be delivered, to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a complete and 
correct copy of all such material credit agreements, indentures, purchase 
agreements, contracts, letters of credit, guarantees, joint venture 
agreements, or other instruments, including any modifications or 
supplements thereto, as in effect on the Closing Date.


Section 7.23 Gas Imbalances.

As of the Closing Date, except as set forth on Schedule 7.23 or on the most 
recent certificate delivered pursuant to Section 8.07(c), on a net basis 
there are no gas imbalances, take or pay or other prepayments with respect 
to the Obligors’ Oil and Gas Properties which would require the Obligors to 
deliver, in the aggregate, five percent (5%) or more of the monthly 
production from Hydrocarbons produced from their Oil and Gas Properties at 
some future time without then or thereafter receiving fall payment 
therefor.
 
43

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 7.24 Relationship of Obligors.

The Obligors are engaged in related businesses and each Obligor is directly 
and indirectly dependent upon each other Obligor for and in connection with 
their business activities and their financial resources; and each Obligor 
has determined, reasonably and in good faith, that such Obligor will 
receive substantial direct and indirect economic and financial benefits 
from the extensions of credit made under this Agreement, and such 
extensions of credit are in the best interests of such Obligor, having 
regard to all relevant facts and circumstances.


Section 7.25 Solvency.

The Borrower and its Subsidiaries individually and on a consolidated basis 
are not insolvent as such term is used and defined in the Bankruptcy Code.



ARTICLE VIII


Affirmative Covenants


Each of the Obligors covenants and agrees that, so long as any of the 
Commitments are in effect and until payment in full of all Loans hereunder, 
all interest thereon and all other amounts payable by the Obligors 
hereunder:


Section 8.01 Reporting Requirements.

The Obligors shall deliver, or shall cause to be delivered, to the 
Administrative Agent with sufficient copies of each for the Lenders:

(a) Annual Financial Statements. As soon as available and in any event 
within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower 
commencing year ending 2007, the audited consolidated and unaudited 
consolidating statements of income, stockholders’ equity, changes in 
financial position and cash flow of the Borrower and its Consolidated 
Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, and the related consolidated and 
consolidating balance sheets of the Borrower and its Consolidated 
Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and setting forth in each 
case in comparative form the corresponding figures for the preceding fiscal 
year, and accompanied by the related opinion of independent public 
accountants of recognized national standing acceptable to the 
Administrative Agent which opinion shall state that said financial 
statements fairly present the consolidated and consolidating financial 
condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its Consolidated 
Subsidiaries as at the end of, and for, such fiscal year and that such 
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, except for 
such changes in such principles with which the independent public 
accountants shall have concurred and such opinion shall not contain a “
going concern” or like qualification or exception, and a certificate of 
such accountants stating that, in making the examination necessary for 
their opinion, they obtained no knowledge, except as specifically stated, 
of any Default.

(b) Quarterly Financial Statements. As soon as available and in any event 
within forty-five (45) days after the end of each of the first three fiscal 
quarterly periods of each fiscal year of the Borrower, consolidated and 
consolidating statements of income, stockholders’ equity, changes in 
financial position and cash flow of the Borrower and its Consolidated 
Subsidiaries for such period and for the period from the beginning of the 
respective fiscal year to the end of such period, and the related 
consolidated and consolidating balance sheets as at the end of such period, 
and setting forth in each case in comparative form the corresponding 
figures for the
 
44

------------------------------------------------------------------------
corresponding period in the preceding fiscal year, accompanied by the 
certificate of a Responsible Officer, which certificate shall state that 
said financial statements fairly present the consolidated and consolidating 
financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its 
Consolidated Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, as at the end of, and 
for, such period (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments).

(c) Notice of Default, Etc. Promptly after any Obligor knows that any 
Default, Event of Default, labor dispute, or any Material Adverse Effect 
has occurred, a notice of such Default or Material Adverse Effect, 
describing the same in reasonable detail and the action the Borrower or any 
Guarantor proposes to take with respect thereto.

(d) Other Accounting Reports. Promptly upon receipt thereof, a copy of each 
other report or letter submitted to the Borrower or any Subsidiary by 
independent accountants in connection with any annual, interim or special 
audit made by them of the books of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and a 
copy of any response by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower, or 
the Board of Directors of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower, 
to such letter or report.

(e) Notices Under Other Loan Agreements. Promptly after the furnishing 
thereof, copies of any statement, report or notice furnished to any Person 
pursuant to the terms of any indenture, loan or credit or other similar 
agreement, other than this Agreement and not otherwise required to be 
furnished to the Lenders pursuant to any other provision of this Section 
8.01.

(f) Other Matters. From time to time such other information regarding the 
business, affairs or financial condition of any Obligor or any Subsidiary 
(including, without limitation, any Plan or Multiemployer Plan and any 
reports or other information required to be filed under ERISA) as any 
Lender or the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.

(g) Hedging Agreements. As soon as available and in any event within 
fifteen (15) Business Days after the last day of each fiscal quarter, a 
report, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, 
setting forth as of the last Business Day of such fiscal quarter a true and 
complete list of all Hedging Agreements (including commodity price swap 
agreements, forward agreements or contracts of sale which provide for 
prepayment for deferred shipment or delivery of oil, gas or other 
commodities) of the Obligors and each Subsidiary, the material terms 
thereof (including the type, term, effective date, termination date and 
notional amounts or volumes), the net mark to market value therefor, any 
new credit support agreements relating thereto not listed on Schedule 7.20
, any margin required or supplied under any credit support document, and 
the counter party to each such agreement.

(h) SEC Filings, Etc. Promptly upon its becoming available, each financial 
statement, report, notice or proxy statement sent by the Borrower to 
stockholders generally and each regular or periodic report and any 
registration statement, prospectus or written communication (other than 
transmittal letters) in respect thereof filed by the Borrower with or 
received by the Borrower in connection therewith from any securities 
exchange or the SEC or any successor agency.


The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent, at the time it 
furnishes each set of financial statements pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) 
above, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C executed by a 
Responsible Officer (i) certifying as to the matters set forth therein and 
stating that no Default has occurred and is continuing (or, if any Default 
has occurred and is continuing, describing the same in reasonable detail), 
and (ii) setting forth in reasonable detail the computations necessary to
 
45

------------------------------------------------------------------------
determine whether the Borrower is in compliance with Sections 9.12, 9.13, 
and 9.14 as of the end of the respective fiscal quarter or fiscal year.


Section 8.02 Litigation.

The Obligors shall promptly give to the Administrative Agent notice of (i) 
all legal or arbitral proceedings, and of all proceedings before any 
Governmental Authority affecting any Obligor or any Subsidiary, except 
proceedings which, if adversely determined, would not reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (ii) any litigation or 
proceeding against or adversely affecting any Obligor or any Subsidiary in 
which the amount claimed exceeds $500,000 and is not covered in full by 
insurance (subject to normal and customary deductibles and for which the 
insurer has not assumed the defense), or in which injunctive or similar 
relief is sought. Each Obligor will, and will cause each of its 
Subsidiaries to, promptly notify the Administrative Agent and each of the 
Lenders of any claim, judgment, Lien or other encumbrance affecting any 
Property of such Obligor or any Subsidiary if the value of the claim, 
judgment, Lien, or other encumbrance affecting such Property shall exceed 
$500,000.


Section 8.03 Maintenance, Etc.

(a) Generally. Each Obligor shall and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries 
to: preserve and maintain its organization existence and all of its 
material rights, privileges and franchises; keep books of record and 
account in which full, true and correct entries will be made of all 
dealings or transactions in relation to its business and activities; comply 
with all Governmental Requirements if failure to comply with such 
requirements will have a Material Adverse Effect; pay and discharge all 
Taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed on it or on 
its income or profits or on any of its Property prior to the date on which 
penalties attach thereto, except for any such tax, assessment, charge or 
levy the payment of which is being contested in good faith and by proper 
proceedings and against which adequate reserves are being maintained; upon 
reasonable notice, permit representatives of the Administrative Agent or 
any Lender, during normal business hours, to examine, copy and make 
extracts from its books and records, to inspect its Properties, and to 
discuss its business and affairs with its officers, all to the extent 
reasonably requested by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the 
case may be); and keep, or cause to be kept, insured by financially sound 
and reputable insurers all Property of a character usually insured by 
Persons engaged in the same or similar business similarly situated against 
loss or damage of the kinds and in the amounts customarily insured against 
by such Persons and carry such other insurance as is usually carried by 
such Persons including, without limitation, environmental risk insurance to 
the extent reasonably available.

(b) Proof of Insurance. Contemporaneously with the delivery of the 
financial statements required by Section 8.01(a) to be delivered for each 
year, the Borrower will furnish or cause to be furnished to the 
Administrative Agent and the Lenders a certificate of insurance coverage 
from the insurer in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative 
Agent listing Administrative Agent as “loss payee” and “additional insured” 
and, if requested, will furnish the Administrative Agent and the Lenders 
copies of the applicable policies.

(c) Oil and Gas Properties. Each Obligor will and will cause each of its 
Subsidiaries to, at its own expense, do or cause to be done all things 
reasonably necessary to preserve and keep in good repair, working order and 
efficiency all of its Oil and Gas Properties and other material Properties 
including, without limitation, all equipment, machinery and facilities, and 
from time to time will make all the reasonably necessary repairs, renewals 
and replacements so that at all times the state and condition of its Oil 
and Gas Properties and other material Properties will be fully preserved 
and maintained, except to the extent a portion of such
 
46

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Properties is no longer capable of producing Hydrocarbons in economically 
reasonable amounts. Each Obligor will and will cause each of its 
Subsidiaries to promptly: (i) pay and discharge, or make reasonable and 
customary efforts to cause to be paid and discharged, all delay rentals, 
royalties, expenses and indebtedness accruing under the leases or other 
agreements affecting or pertaining to its Oil and Gas Properties, (ii) 
perform or make reasonable and customary efforts to cause to be performed, 
in accordance with industry standards, the obligations required by each and 
all of the assignments, deeds, leases, sub-leases, contracts and agreements 
affecting its interests in its Oil and Gas Properties and other material 
Properties, (iii) will and will cause each Subsidiary to do all other 
things necessary to keep unimpaired, except for Liens described in Section 
9.02, its rights with respect to its Oil and Gas Properties and other 
material Properties and prevent any forfeiture thereof or a default 
thereunder, except to the extent a portion of such Properties is no longer 
capable of producing Hydrocarbons in economically reasonable amounts and 
except for Transfers permitted by Section 9.16. Each Obligor will and will 
cause each of its Subsidiaries to operate its Oil and Gas Properties and 
other material Properties or cause or make reasonable and customary efforts 
to cause such Oil and Gas Properties and other material Properties to be 
operated in a careful and efficient manner in accordance with the practices 
of the industry and in compliance with all applicable contracts and 
agreements and in compliance in all material respects with all Governmental 
Requirements.


Section 8.04 Environmental Matters.

(a) Establishment of Procedures. The Obligors will and will cause each of 
their Subsidiaries to establish and implement such procedures as may be 
reasonably necessary to continuously determine and assure that any failure 
of the following does not have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) all Property 
of the Obligors and their Subsidiaries and the operations conducted thereon 
and other activities of the Obligors and their Subsidiaries are in 
compliance with and do not violate the requirements of any Environmental 
Laws, (ii) no oil, hazardous substances or solid wastes are disposed of or 
otherwise released on or to any Property owned by any such party except in 
compliance with Environmental Laws, (iii) no hazardous substance will be 
released on or to any such Property in a quantity equal to or exceeding 
that quantity which requires reporting pursuant to Section 103 of CERCLA, 
and (iv) no oil, oil and gas exploration and production wastes or hazardous 
substance is released on or to any such Property so as to pose an imminent 
and substantial endangerment to public health or welfare or the 
environment.

(b) Notice of Action. The Obligors will promptly notify the Administrative 
Agent and the Lenders in writing of any threatened action, investigation or 
inquiry by any Governmental Authority of which any Obligor has knowledge in 
connection with any Environmental Laws, excluding routine testing and 
corrective action.

(c) Future Acquisitions. The Obligors will and will cause each of their 
Subsidiaries to provide environmental audits and tests in accordance with 
American Society for Testing and Materials standards as reasonably 
requested by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (or as otherwise 
required to be obtained by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders by any 
Governmental Authority) in connection with any future acquisitions of Oil 
and Gas Properties or other material Properties.


Section 8.05 Further Assurances.

The Obligors will and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to cure 
promptly any defects in the creation and issuance of the Notes and the 
execution and delivery of the Security Instruments and this Agreement. The 
Obligors at their expense will and will cause each Subsidiary to promptly 
execute and deliver to the
 
47

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Administrative Agent upon request all such other documents, agreements and 
instruments to comply with or accomplish the covenants and agreements of 
the Obligors or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, in any Loan Document, 
or to further evidence and more fully describe the collateral intended as 
security for the Notes, or to correct any omissions in any Loan Document, 
or to state more fully the security obligations set out herein or in any 
Loan Document, or to perfect, protect or preserve any Liens created 
pursuant to any of the Security Instruments, or to make any recordings, to 
file any notices or obtain any consents, all as may be necessary or 
appropriate in connection therewith.


Section 8.06 Performance of Obligations.

The Borrower will pay the Notes according to the reading, tenor and effect 
thereof; and the Obligors will and will cause each of their Subsidiaries to 
do and perform every act and discharge all of the obligations to be 
performed and discharged by them under this Agreement and any other Loan 
Document, at the time or times and in the manner specified.


Section 8.07 Engineering Reports.

(a) Not less than 30 days prior to each Scheduled Borrowing Base 
Redetermination Date, commencing with the Scheduled Borrowing Base 
Redetermination to occur on or around December 1, 2007, the Borrower shall 
furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a Reserve Report. The 
Reserve Report due not less than 30 days prior to June 1 of each year shall 
be prepared by certified independent petroleum engineers or other 
independent petroleum consultant(s) acceptable to the Administrative Agent 
and the Reserve Report due not less than 30 days prior to December 1 of 
each year shall be prepared by or under the supervision of the chief 
engineer of the Obligors and for which a Responsible Officer shall certify 
such Reserve Report to be true and accurate and to have been prepared in 
accordance with the procedures used in the immediately proceeding June 1 
Reserve Report.

(b) In the event of an unscheduled redetermination, the Borrower shall 
furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a Reserve Report 
prepared by or under the supervision of the chief engineer of the Obligors 
together with the certificate of a Responsible Officer who shall certify 
such Reserve Report to be true and accurate and to have been prepared in 
accordance with the procedures used in the immediately preceding Reserve 
Report. For any unscheduled redetermination requested by the Lenders or the 
Borrower pursuant to Section 2.08(d)), the Borrower shall provide such 
Reserve Report with an “as of” date as required by the Lenders as soon as 
possible, but in any event no later than 30 days following the receipt of 
the request by the Administrative Agent.

(c) With the delivery of each Reserve Report, the Borrower shall provide, 
or cause to be provided, to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, a 
certificate from a Responsible Officer certifying that, to the best of his 
knowledge and in all material respects: (i) the information contained in 
the Reserve Report and any other information delivered in connection 
therewith is true and correct, (ii) the Guarantors own good and defensible 
title to the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated in such Reserve Report and 
such Properties are free of all Liens except for Liens permitted by 
Section 9.02, (iii) except as set forth on an exhibit to the certificate, 
on a net basis there are no gas imbalances, take or pay or other 
prepayments with respect to its Oil and Gas Properties evaluated in such 
Reserve Report which would require any Obligor to deliver Hydrocarbons 
produced from such Oil and Gas Properties at some future time without then 
or thereafter receiving full payment therefor, (iv) none of its Oil and Gas 
Properties have been sold since the date of the last Borrowing Base 
determination except as set forth on an exhibit to the certificate, which 
certificate shall list all of its Oil and Gas Properties sold and in such 
detail as
 
48

------------------------------------------------------------------------
reasonably required by the Majority Lenders, (v) attached to the 
certificate is a list of its Oil and Gas Properties added to and deleted 
from the immediately prior Reserve Report and a list showing any change in 
working interest or net revenue interest in its Oil and Gas Properties 
occurring and the reason for such change, (vi) attached to the certificate 
is a list of all Persons disbursing proceeds to the Guarantors from their 
Oil and Gas Properties and (vii) except as set forth on a schedule attached 
to the certificate all of the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated by such 
Reserve Report are Mortgaged Property.


Section 8.08 Title Information.

(a) Delivery. On or before the delivery to the Administrative Agent and the 
Lenders of each Reserve Report required by Section 8.07(a), the Obligors 
will deliver, or cause to be delivered, title information in form and 
substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent covering enough of the Oil 
and Gas Properties evaluated by such Reserve Report that were not included 
in the immediately preceding Reserve Report, so that the Administrative 
Agent shall have received together with title information previously 
delivered to the Administrative Agent, satisfactory title information on at 
least 80% of the value of the Oil and Gas Properties evaluated by such 
Reserve Report.

(b) Cure of Title Defects. The Obligors shall cure, or cause to be cured, 
any title defects or exceptions which are not Excepted Liens raised by such 
information, or substitute acceptable Mortgaged Properties with no title 
defects or exceptions except for Excepted Liens covering Mortgaged 
Properties of an equivalent value, within 30 days after a request by the 
Administrative Agent or the Lenders to cure such defects or exceptions.


Section 8.09 Additional Collateral.

(a) Lien in Acquired Oil and Gas Properties. Should any Obligor acquire any 
additional Oil and Gas Properties, such Obligor will grant to the 
Administrative Agent as security for the Indebtedness a first-priority Lien 
interest (subject only to Excepted Liens) on such Obligor’s interest in any 
Oil and Gas Properties not already subject to a Lien of the Security 
Instruments, which Lien will be created and perfected by and in accordance 
with the provisions of mortgages, deeds of trust, security agreements and 
financing statements, or other Security Instruments, all in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion 
and in sufficient executed (and acknowledged where necessary or 
appropriate) counterparts for recording purposes.

(b) Title Information. Concurrently with the granting of the Lien or other 
action referred to in Section 8.07(a) above, the Borrower or such Obligor 
will provide to the Administrative Agent title information in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion 
with respect to such Obligor’s interests in such Oil and Gas Properties.

(c) Legal Opinions. Also, promptly after the filing of any new Security 
Instrument in any state, upon the reasonable request of the Administrative 
Agent, the Obligors will provide, or cause to be provided, to the 
Administrative Agent an opinion addressed to the Administrative Agent for 
the benefit of the Lenders in form and substance satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent in its sole discretion from counsel acceptable to 
Administrative Agent, stating that the Security Instrument is valid, 
binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms and in legally 
sufficient form for such jurisdiction.
 
49

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 8.10 ERISA Information and Compliance.

The Obligors will promptly furnish and will cause the Subsidiaries and any 
ERISA Affiliate to promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent with 
sufficient copies to the Lenders (i) promptly after the filing thereof with 
the United States Secretary of Labor, the Internal Revenue Service or the 
PBGC, copies of each annual and other report with respect to each Plan or 
any trust created thereunder, (ii) immediately upon becoming aware of the 
occurrence of any ERISA Event or of any “prohibited transaction,” as 
described in section 406 of ERISA or in section 4975 of the Code, in 
connection with any Plan or any trust created thereunder, a written notice 
signed by a Responsible Officer specifying the nature thereof, what action 
the Obligors, the Subsidiary or the ERISA Affiliate is taking or proposes 
to take with respect thereto, and, when known, any action taken or proposed 
by the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Labor or the PBGC with 
respect thereto, and (iii) immediately upon receipt thereof, copies of any 
notice of the PBGCs intention to terminate or to have a trustee appointed 
to administer any Plan. With respect to each Plan (other than a 
Multiemployer Plan), the Obligors will, and will cause each Subsidiary and 
ERISA Affiliate to, (i) satisfy in full and in a timely manner, without 
incurring any late payment or underpayment charge or penalty and without 
giving rise to any lien, all of the contribution and funding requirements 
of section 412 of the Code (determined without regard to subsections (d), 
(e), (f) and (k) thereof) and of section 302 of ERISA (determined without 
regard to sections 303, 304 and 306 of ERISA), and (ii) pay, or cause to be 
paid, to the PBGC in a timely manner, without incurring any late payment or 
underpayment charge or penalty, all premiums required pursuant to sections 
4006 and 4007 of ERISA.


Section 8.11 Pledge of Interest in Utah Properties.

The Obligors will, within thirty days of the Closing Date, execute and 
deliver a pledge agreement in form and substance acceptable to the 
Administrative Agent covering any such Obligor’s rights title and interests 
in properties located in the State of Utah.



ARTICLE IX


Negative Covenants


The Obligors covenant and agree that, so long as any of the Commitments are 
in effect and until payment in full of Loans hereunder, all interest 
thereon and all other amounts payable by the Obligors hereunder, without 
the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders:


Section 9.01 Debt.

(a) None of the Obligors will incur, create, assume or permit to exist any 
Debt, except:

(i) the Notes and other Indebtedness arising under the Loan Documents;

(ii) Debt of the Borrower disclosed in Schedule 9.01, and any renewals or 
extensions (but not increases) thereof;

(iii) accounts payable (for the deferred purchase price of Property or 
services) from time to time incurred in the ordinary course of business 
which, if greater than 90 days past the invoice or billing date, are being 
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings if reserves adequate 
under GAAP shall have been established therefor;
 
50

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iv) Debt under capital leases (as required to be reported on the financial 
statements of the Borrower pursuant to GAAP) not to exceed $2,000,000;

(v) Debt associated with bonds or surety obligations pursuant to 
Governmental Requirements in connection with the operation of any Obligor’s 
Oil and Gas Properties; and

(vi) Debt of the Obligors under Hedging Agreements covering oil and gas 
production of the Obligors or their Subsidiaries; provided, however, that 
such Hedging Agreements shall not in the aggregate cover more than 
eighty-five percent (85%) of projected proved developed producing reserves 
of the Obligors for each individual period covered by such Hedging 
Agreements and no such Hedging Agreement shall exceed a term of 36 months.

(b) The Borrower will not permit any Subsidiary that is not an Obligor to 
incur, create, assume, or permit to exist any Debt except Non-Recourse Debt 
not to exceed $100,000.


Section 9.02 Liens.

None of the Obligors nor any Subsidiary will create, incur, assume or 
permit to exist any Lien on any of its Properties (now owned or hereafter 
acquired), except:

(a) Liens securing the payment of any Indebtedness;

(b) Excepted Liens;

(c) Liens securing leases allowed under Section 9.01(a)(iv), but only on 
the Property under such permitted lease;

(d) Liens disclosed on Schedule 9.02;

(e) Liens on cash or securities of the Borrower securing the Debt described 
in Section 9.01(a)(v); and

(f) Liens securing Non-Recourse Debt permitted pursuant to Section 9.01(b)
.


Section 9.03 Investments, Loans and Advances.

None of the Obligors nor any Subsidiary will make or permit to remain 
outstanding any loans or advances to or investments in any Person, except 
that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to:

(a) investments, loans or advances reflected in the Financial Statements or 
which are disclosed to the Lenders in Schedule 9.03;

(b) accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business;

(c) direct obligations of the United States or any agency thereof, or 
obligations guaranteed by the United States or any agency thereof, in each 
case maturing within one year from the date of creation thereof;

(d) commercial paper maturing within one year from the date of creation 
thereof rated in the highest grade by Standard & Poor’s Corporation or 
Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.;
 
51

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) deposits maturing within one year from the date of creation thereof 
with, including certificates of deposit issued by, any Lender or any office 
located in the United States of any other bank or trust company which is 
organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, has 
capital, surplus and undivided profits aggregating at least $100,000,000.00 
(as of the date of such Lender’s or bank or trust company’s most recent 
financial reports) and has a short term deposit rating of no lower than A2 
or P2, as such rating is set forth from time to time, by Standard & Poor’s 
Corporation or Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., respectively;

(f) deposits in money market funds investing exclusively in investments 
described in Section 9.03(c), 9.03(d) or 9.03(e);

(g) investments, loans or advances in or to any Guarantor; and

(h) investments by the Borrower or any Guarantor in direct ownership 
interests in additional Oil and Gas Properties and gas gathering systems 
related thereto.


Section 9.04 Dividends, Distributions and Redemptions.

The Borrower will not declare or pay any distribution, dividend, purchase, 
redeem or otherwise acquire for value any of its stock, membership or 
partnership equity now or hereafter outstanding, return any capital to its 
stockholders, members or partners or make any distribution of its assets to 
its stockholders, members or partners (“Distributions”); provided, however
; so long as an Event of Default has not occurred and is continuing or 
would occur as a result of such Distribution, the Borrower may make (a) 
payments of reasonable amounts of regularly scheduled salary and other 
compensation to such stockholders, members, or partners, as applicable, to 
the extent such Person is employed by the Borrower, and (b) distributions 
from the Guarantors to Borrower within thirty (30) days prior to the date 
any tax payment is due in an amount equal to cash payments due under the 
United States federal income taxes payable by such Person in respect to 
items of income, loss, credit or deduction of any such Obligor attributable 
to such Person for such period.


Section 9.05 Sales and Leasebacks.

None of the Obligors nor any Subsidiary will enter into any arrangement, 
directly or indirectly, with any Person whereby any Obligor or any 
Subsidiary shall sell or transfer any of its Property, whether now owned or 
hereafter acquired, and whereby such Obligor or Subsidiary shall then or 
thereafter rent or lease as lessee such Property or any part thereof or 
other Property which such Obligor or Subsidiary intends to use for 
substantially the same purpose or purposes as the Property sold or 
transferred.


Section 9.06 Nature of Business.

None of the Obligors nor any Subsidiary will allow any material change to 
be made in the character of its business as an independent oil and gas 
exploration and production company.


Section 9.07 Limitation on Leases.

None of the Obligors nor any Subsidiary will create, incur, assume or 
permit to exist any obligation for the payment of rent or hire of Property 
of any kind whatsoever (real or personal including capital leases, but 
excluding leases of Hydrocarbon Interests), under leases or lease 
agreements which would cause the aggregate amount of all payments made by 
the Obligors and their Subsidiaries pursuant to all such leases or lease 
agreements to exceed $1,000,000 in any period of twelve consecutive 
calendar months during the life of such leases.
 
52

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.08 Mergers, Etc.

None of the Obligors will merge into or with or consolidate with any other 
Person, or sell, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction 
or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its Property or 
assets to any other Person.


Section 9.09 Proceeds of Notes and Letters of Credit.

The Borrower will not permit the proceeds of the Notes or Letters of Credit 
to be used for any purpose other than those permitted by Section 7.07. 
Neither the Borrower nor any Person acting on behalf of the Borrower has 
taken or will take any action which might cause any of the Loan Documents 
to violate Regulation T, U or X or any other regulation of the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System or to violate Section 7 of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or any rule or regulation thereunder, in 
each case as now in effect or as the same may hereinafter be in effect.


Section 9.10 ERISA Compliance.

The Obligors will not at any time:

(a) Engage in, or permit any Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate to engage in, 
any transaction in connection with which any Obligor, any Subsidiary or any 
ERISA Affiliate could be subjected to either a civil penalty assessed 
pursuant to section 502(c), (i) or (1) of ERISA or a tax imposed by Chapter 
43 of Subtitle D of the Code;

(b) Terminate, or permit any Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate to terminate, 
any Plan in a manner, or take any other action with respect to any Plan, 
which could result in any liability to any Obligor, any Subsidiary or any 
ERISA Affiliate to the PBGC;

(c) Fail to make, or permit any Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate to fail to 
make, full payment when due of all amounts which, under the provisions of 
any Plan, agreement relating thereto or applicable law, any Obligor, a 
Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate is required to pay as contributions 
thereto;

(d) Permit to exist, or allow any Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate to permit 
to exist, any accumulated funding deficiency within the meaning of Section 
302 of ERISA or section 412 of the Code, whether or not waived, with 
respect to any Plan;

(e) Permit, or allow any Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate to permit, the 
actuarial present value of the benefit liabilities under any Plan 
maintained by any Obligor, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate which is 
regulated under Title IV of ERISA to exceed the cur-rent value of the 
assets (computed on a plan termination basis in accordance with Title IV of 
ERISA) of such Plan allocable to such benefit liabilities. The term “
actuarial present value of the benefit liabilities” shall have the meaning 
specified in section 4041 of ERISA;

(f) Contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to, or permit any 
Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate to contribute to or assume an obligation to 
contribute to, any Multiemployer Plan;

(g) Acquire, or permit any Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate to acquire, an 
interest in any Person that causes such Person to become an ERISA Affiliate 
with respect to any Obligor, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate if such 
Person sponsors, maintains or contributes to, or at
 
53

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any time in the six-year period preceding such acquisition has sponsored, 
maintained, or contributed to, (1) any Multiemployer Plan, or (2) any other 
Plan that is subject to Title IV of ERISA under which the actuarial present 
value of the benefit liabilities under such Plan exceeds the current value 
of the assets (computed on a plan termination basis in accordance with 
Title IV of ERISA) of such Plan allocable to such benefit liabilities;

(h) Incur, or permit any Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate to incur, a 
liability to or on account of a Plan under sections 515, 4062, 4063, 4064, 
4201 or 4204 of ERISA;

(i) Contribute to or assume an obligation to contribute to, or permit any 
Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate to contribute to or assume an obligation to 
contribute to, any employee welfare benefit plan, as defined in section 
3(l) of ERISA, including, without limitation, any such plan maintained to 
provide benefits to former employees of such entities, that may not be 
terminated by such entities in their sole discretion at any time without 
any material liability; or

(j) Amend or permit any Subsidiary or ERISA Affiliate to amend, a Plan 
resulting in an increase in current liability such that any Obligor, any 
Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate is required to provide security to such 
Plan under section 401 (a)(29) of the Code.


Section 9.11 Sale or Discount of Receivables.

None of the Obligors nor any Subsidiary will discount or sell (with or 
without recourse) any of its notes receivable or accounts receivable.


Section 9.12 Current Ratio.

The Obligors will not permit the ratio of (i) current assets (including any 
unused amount under the Borrowing Base, but excluding assets under Hedging 
Agreements) to (ii) current liabilities (excluding current maturities of 
the Notes, liability under Hedging Agreements and advanced payments 
received by Borrower for the drilling and completion of oil and gas wells 
which are classified as current liabilities) for the Obligors to be less 
than 1.0 to 1.0 at any time.


Section 9.13 Funded Debt to EBITDA.

The Obligors will not permit the ratio of Funded Debt to EBITDA of the 
Obligors as of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Obligors beginning 
September 30, 2007 (calculated on a consolidated basis based upon the four 
most recently completed fiscal quarters) to be greater than 4.00 to 1.00.


Section 9.14 Interest Coverage Ratio.

The Obligors will not permit the Interest Coverage Ratio of the Obligors as 
of the end of any fiscal quarter of the Obligors beginning September 30, 
2007 (calculated on a consolidated basis based upon the four most recently 
completed fiscal quarters) to be less than 3.00 to 1.00.


Section 9.15 Sale of Oil and Gas Properties.

The Obligors will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to Transfer any 
Oil and Gas Property or any interest in any Oil and Gas Property for which 
value was given in the most recent Borrowing Base redetermination in excess 
of $1,000,000 in the aggregate and no Default exists or would result 
therefrom.
 
54

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.16 Environmental Matters.

None of the Obligors nor any Subsidiary will cause or permit any of its 
Property to be in violation of, or do anything or permit anything to be 
done which will subject any such Property to any remedial obligations under 
any Environmental Laws, assuming disclosure to the applicable Governmental 
Authority of all relevant facts, conditions and circumstances, if any, 
pertaining to such Property where such violations or remedial obligations 
would have a Material Adverse Effect.


Section 9.17 Transactions with Affiliates.

None of the Obligors nor any Subsidiary will enter into any transaction, 
including, without limitation, any purchase, sale, lease or exchange of 
Property or the rendering of any service, with any Affiliate unless such 
transactions are otherwise permitted under this Agreement, are in the 
ordinary course of its business and are upon fair and reasonable terms no 
less favorable to it than it would obtain in a comparable arm’s length 
transaction with a Person not an Affiliate.


Section 9.18 Subsidiaries.

The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to, create any 
additional Subsidiaries. The Borrower shall not and shall not permit any 
Subsidiary to sell or to issue any stock or ownership interest of a 
Subsidiary, except to the Borrower or any Guarantor and except in 
compliance with Section 9.03.


Section 9.19 Negative Pledge Agreements.

None of the Obligors nor any of their Subsidiaries will create, incur, 
assume or permit to exist any contract, agreement or understanding (other 
than this Agreement and the Security Instruments) which in any way 
prohibits or restricts the granting, conveying, creation or imposition of 
any Lien on any of its Property or restricts any Subsidiary from paying 
dividends to the Borrower, or which requires the consent of or notice to 
other Persons in connection therewith.


Section 9.20 Gas Imbalances, Take-or-Pay or Other Prepayments.

The Obligors will not allow gas imbalances, take-or-pay or other 
prepayments with respect to the Oil and Gas Properties of the Obligors 
which would require the Obligors to deliver in the aggregate five percent 
(5%) or more of their Hydrocarbons produced on a monthly basis from such 
Oil and Gas Properties at some future time without then or thereafter 
receiving full payment therefor.


Section 9.21 Accounting Changes.

Borrower shall not and shall not permit any Subsidiary to make any 
significant change in accounting treatment or reporting practices except as 
required by GAAP, or change the fiscal year of the Borrower or any 
Subsidiary.


Section 9.22 Constituent Documents.

The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, amend its 
charter or by-laws or other constituent documents in any manner that would 
adversely and materially affect the rights of the Lenders under this 
Agreement or their ability to enforce the same.
 
55

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE X


Events of Default; Remedies


Section 10.01 Events of Default. One or more of the following events shall 
constitute an “Event of Default”:

(a) the Borrower shall default in the payment or prepayment when due of any 
principal of or interest on any Loan, or any reimbursement obligation for a 
disbursement made under any Letter of Credit, or any fees or other amount 
payable by it hereunder or under any Security Instrument; or

(b) any Obligor or any Subsidiary shall default in the payment when due of 
any principal of or interest on any of its other Debt aggregating $500,000 
or more, or any event specified in any note, agreement, indenture or other 
document evidencing or relating to any such Debt shall occur if the effect 
of such event is to cause, or (with the giving of any notice or the lapse 
of time or both) to permit the holder or holders of such Debt (or a trustee 
or agent on behalf of such holder or holders) to cause, such Debt to become 
due prior to its stated maturity; or

(c) any representation, warranty or certification made or deemed made 
herein or in any Loan Document by any Obligor or any Subsidiary, or any 
certificate furnished to any Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to 
the provisions hereof or any Security Instrument, shall prove to have been 
false or misleading as of the time made or furnished in any material 
respect; or

(d) any Obligor shall default in the performance of any of its obligations 
under Article IX or any other Article of this Agreement other than under 
Article VIII; or any Obligor shall default in the performance of any of its 
obligations under Article VIII or under any Loan Document to which it is a 
party (other than the payment of amounts due which shall be governed by 
Section 10.01(a)) and such default shall continue unremedied for a period 
of thirty (30) days after the earlier to occur of (i) notice thereof to the 
Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the 
Administrative Agent), or (ii) the Borrower otherwise becoming aware of 
such default; or

(e) any Obligor shall admit in writing its inability to, or be generally 
unable to, pay its debts as such debts become due; or

(f) any Obligor shall (i) apply for or consent to the appointment of, or 
the taking of possession by, a receiver, custodian, trustee or liquidator 
of itself or of all or a substantial part of its property, (ii) make a 
general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (iii) commence a 
voluntary case under the Federal Bankruptcy Code (as now or hereafter in 
effect), (iv) file a petition seeking to take advantage of any other law 
relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up, liquidation 
or composition or readjustment of debts, (v) fail to controvert in a timely 
and appropriate manner, or acquiesce in writing to, any petition filed 
against it in an involuntary case under the Federal Bankruptcy Code, or 
(vi) take any corporate action for the purpose of effecting any of the 
foregoing; or

(g) a proceeding or case shall be commenced, without the application or 
consent of any Obligor, in any court of competent jurisdiction, seeking (i) 
its liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or winding-up, or the 
composition or readjustment of its debts, (ii) the appointment of a 
trustee, receiver, custodian, liquidator or the like of such Obligor of all 
or any substantial part of
 
56

------------------------------------------------------------------------
its assets, or (iii) similar relief in respect of such Obligor under any 
law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, winding-up, or 
composition or adjustment of debts, and such proceeding or case shall 
continue undismissed, or an order, judgment or decree approving or ordering 
any of the foregoing shall be entered and continue unstayed and in effect, 
for a period of 60 days; or (iv) an order for relief against any Obligor 
shall be entered in an involuntary case under the Federal Bankruptcy Code; 
or

(h) a judgment or judgments for the payment of money in excess of 
$1,000,000.00 in the aggregate shall be rendered by a court against any 
Obligor and the same shall not be discharged (or provision shall not be 
made for such discharge), or a stay of execution thereof shall not be 
procured, within thirty (30) days from the date of entry thereof and such 
Obligor shall not, within said period of 30 days, or such longer period 
during which execution of the same shall have been stayed, appeal therefrom 
and cause the execution thereof to be stayed during such appeal; or

(i) the Loan Documents after delivery thereof shall for any reason, except 
to the extent permitted by the terms thereof, cease to be in full force and 
effect and valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with their terms, 
or, with respect to the Security Instruments, cease to create a valid and 
perfected Lien of the priority required thereby on any of the collateral 
purported to be covered thereby, except to the extent permitted by the 
terms of this Agreement, or any Obligor shall so state in writing; or

(j) an event having a Material Adverse Effect shall occur; or

(k) a Change of Control occurs; provided, any Change of Control that occurs 
as a result of the Recapitalization and/or Tender Offer shall not create a 
Default; or

(1) any Obligor conceals any of its Property with the intent to hinder, 
delay or defraud any Lender, the Issuing Bank, or the Administrative Agent 
with respect to their rights in the Mortgaged Property or any other 
Property of the Obligors; or

(m) either (i) Frank A. Lodzinski shall cease or fail for any reason to 
serve and function in his current capacity as President and Chief Executive 
Officer of Borrower and such officer shall not be succeeded in such 
position by a Person acceptable to Administrative Agent.


Section 10.02 Remedies.

(a) In the case of an Event of Default other than one referred to in 
clauses (e), (f) or (g) of Section 10.01 or in clause (1) to the extent it 
relates to clauses (e), (f) or (g), the Administrative Agent, upon request 
of the Majority Lenders, shall, by notice to the Borrower, cancel the 
Commitments (in whole or part) and/or declare the principal amount then 
outstanding of, and the accrued interest on, the Loans and all other 
amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder and under the Notes (including 
without limitation the payment of cash collateral to secure the LC Exposure 
as provided in Section 2.10(b)) to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon 
such amounts shall be immediately due and payable without presentment, 
demand, protest, notice of intent to accelerate, notice of acceleration or 
other formalities of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by 
the Borrower.

(b) In the case of the occurrence of an Event of Default referred to in 
clauses (e), (f) or (g) of Section 10.01 or in clause (1) to the extent it 
relates to clauses (e), (f) or (g), the Commitments shall be automatically 
canceled and the principal amount then outstanding of, and
 
57

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the accrued interest on, the Loans and all other amounts payable by the 
Borrower hereunder and under the Notes (including without limitation the 
payment of cash collateral to secure the LC Exposure as provided in 
Section 2.10(b)) shall become automatically immediately due and payable 
without presentment, demand, protest, notice of intent to accelerate, 
notice of acceleration or other formalities of any kind, all of which are 
hereby expressly waived by the Borrower.

(c) All proceeds received after maturity of the Notes, whether by 
acceleration or otherwise shall be applied first to reimbursement of 
expenses and indemnities provided for in this Agreement and the Security 
Instruments; second to accrued interest on the Notes; third to fees; fourth 
pro rata to principal outstanding on the Notes and other Indebtedness; 
fifth to serve as cash collateral to be held by the Administrative Agent to 
secure the LC Exposure; and any excess shall be paid to the Borrower or as 
otherwise required by any Governmental Requirement.



ARTICLE XI


The Administrative Agent


Section 11.01 Appointment and Authority.

Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints 
Wachovia Bank, National Association to act on its behalf as the 
Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and 
authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and 
to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the 
terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are 
reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely 
for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing 
Bank, and neither the Borrower nor any other Obligor shall have rights as a 
third party beneficiary of any of such provisions.


Section 11.02 Rights as a Lender.

The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the 
same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and 
may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and 
the term “Lender” or “Lenders” shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated 
or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the 
Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and 
its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the 
financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally 
engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other 
Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent 
hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.


Section 11.03 Exculpatory Provisions.

The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except 
those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent:

(a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, 
regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;

(b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise 
any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly 
contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative 
Agent is required to exercise as directed in
 
58

------------------------------------------------------------------------
writing by Majority Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the 
Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan 
Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to 
take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may 
expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any 
Loan Document or applicable law; and

(c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan 
Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the 
failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its 
Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the 
Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity.


The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not 
taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of Majority Lenders (or 
such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as 
the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, 
under the circumstances as provided in Sections 12.04 and 10.02) or (ii) in 
the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The 
Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default 
unless and until notice describing such Default is given to the 
Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or the Issuing Bank.


The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to 
ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation 
made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, 
(ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered 
hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the 
performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other 
terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any 
Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of 
this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument 
or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article 
VI or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly 
required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.


Section 11.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent.

The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not 
incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, 
consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any 
electronic message, internet or intranet website posting or other 
distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or 
otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also 
may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed 
by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any 
liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition 
hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, 
that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or the 
Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is 
satisfactory to such Lender or the Issuing Bank unless the Administrative 
Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or the 
Issuing Bank prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such 
Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel 
(who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other 
experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not 
taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants 
or experts.


Section 11.05 Delegation of Duties.

The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise 
its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or 
through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. 
The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of 
its
 
59

------------------------------------------------------------------------
duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective 
Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to 
any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent 
and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in 
connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for 
herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent.


Section 11.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent.

The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to 
the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such 
notice of resignation, Majority Lenders shall have the right, in 
consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor, which shall be a 
bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank 
with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been 
so appointed by Majority Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment 
within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its 
resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may on behalf of the 
Lenders and the Issuing Bank, appoint a successor Administrative Agent 
meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that if the 
Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no 
qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation 
shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (1) 
the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and 
obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in 
the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on 
behalf of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank under any of the Loan Documents, 
the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral 
security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) 
and (2) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made 
by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to 
each Lender and the Issuing Bank directly, until such time as Majority 
Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in 
this Section. Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as 
Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become 
vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the 
retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative 
Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder 
or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as 
provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a 
successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its 
predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such 
successor. After the retiring Administrative Agent’s resignation hereunder 
and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and 
Section 12.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring 
Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties 
in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while 
the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.


Any resignation by Wachovia Bank, National Association as Administrative 
Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as 
Issuing Bank. Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as 
Administrative Agent hereunder, (a) such successor shall succeed to and 
become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the 
retiring Issuing Bank, (b) the retiring Issuing Bank shall be discharged 
from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the 
other Loan Documents, and (c) the successor Issuing Bank shall issue 
letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, 
outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements 
satisfactory to the retiring Issuing Bank to effectively assume the 
obligations of the retiring Issuing Bank with respect to such Letters of 
Credit.


Section 11.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders.

Each Lender and the Issuing Bank acknowledges that it has, independently 
and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or 
any of their Related Parties and based on such documents
 
60

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis 
and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender and the Issuing Bank 
also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the 
Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties 
and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time 
deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not 
taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document 
or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.


Section 11.08 No Other Duties, Etc.

Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Arrangers 
listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or 
responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, 
except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a 
Lender or the Issuing Bank hereunder.



ARTICLE XII


Miscellaneous


Section 12.01 Waiver.

No failure on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to 
exercise and no delay in exercising, and no course of dealing with respect 
to, any right, power or privilege under any of the Loan Documents shall 
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any right, power or privilege under any of the Loan Documents preclude any 
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power 
or privilege. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive 
of any remedies provided by law.


Section 12.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication.

(a) Notices Generally. Except in the case of notices and other 
communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as 
provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications 
provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or 
receipted overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail 
or sent by telecopier as follows, and all notices and other communications 
expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the 
applicable telephone number, as follows:

(i) if to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, or the Issuing Bank, to 
the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number 
specified for such Person on Schedule 12.02; and

(ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic 
mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative 
Questionnaire.

Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified 
or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; 
notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent 
(except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, 
shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next 
business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic 
communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be 
effective as provided in such subsection (b).
 
61

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Electronic Communications. Notices and other communications to the 
Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereunder may be delivered or furnished by 
electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet 
websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, 
provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or the 
Issuing Bank pursuant to Article II if such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as 
applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of 
receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The 
Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to 
accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic 
communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that 
approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or 
communications.

Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other 
communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the 
sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as 
by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return e-mail or 
other written acknowledgement), provided that if such notice or other 
communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the 
recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent 
at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, and 
(ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website 
shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient 
at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of 
notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying 
the website address therefor.

(c) Change of Address, Etc. Each of party hereto may change its address, 
telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications 
hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.


Section 12.03 Payment of Expenses, Indemnities, Damage Waiver.

(a) Costs and Expenses. The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable 
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its 
Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of 
counsel for the Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication 
of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, 
execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions 
hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or 
thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses 
incurred by the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, 
renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment 
thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the 
Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank (including the fees, 
charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any 
Lender or the Issuing Bank), and shall pay all fees and time charges for 
attorneys who may be employees of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or 
the Issuing Bank, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its 
rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, 
including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the 
Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such 
out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or 
negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit.

(b) Indemnification by the Borrower. The Borrower shall indemnify the 
Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and the 
Issuing Bank, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each 
such Person being called an “Indemnitee”) against, and hold each Indemnitee 
harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities
 
62

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and related expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any 
counsel for any Indemnitee), and shall indemnify and hold harmless each 
Indemnitee from all fees and time charges and disbursements for attorneys 
who may be employees of any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or 
asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or 
any other Obligor arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) 
the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any 
agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by 
the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, 
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) 
any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds 
therefrom (including any refusal by the Issuing Bank to honor a demand for 
payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection 
with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of 
Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous 
Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any 
of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to 
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective 
claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the 
foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether 
brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Obligor, and 
regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, in all cases, 
whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the 
comparative, contributory or sole negligence of the Indemnitee; provided, 
that, such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the 
extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses 
(x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and 
nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or 
willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by 
the Borrower or any other Obligor against an Indemnitee for breach in bad 
faith of such Indemnitee’s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan 
Document, if the Borrower or such Obligor has obtained a final and 
nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court 
of competent jurisdiction.

(c) Reimbursement by Lenders. To the extent that the Borrower for any 
reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) 
or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any 
sub-agent thereof), the Issuing Bank or any Related Party of any of the 
foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent 
(or any such sub-agent), the Issuing Bank or such Related Party, as the 
case may be, such Lender’s Commitment (determined as of the time that the 
applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such 
unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, 
claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was 
incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such 
sub-agent) or the Issuing Bank in its capacity as such, or against any 
Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent 
(or any such sub-agent) or Issuing Bank in connection with such capacity. 
The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the 
provisions of Section 2.05.

(d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted 
by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any 
claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, 
indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual 
damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this 
Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument 
contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any 
Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee 
referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising 
from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials 
distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through 
telecommunications,
 
63

------------------------------------------------------------------------
electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with 
this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated 
hereby or thereby.

(e) Payments. All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later 
than ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor.


Section 12.04 Amendments, Etc.

Any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be amended, 
modified or waived with the Obligors’ and the Majority Lenders’ prior 
written consent; provided that (i) no amendment, modification or waiver 
which extends the final maturity of the Loans, increases the Aggregate 
Maximum Revolving Credit Amounts, modifies the Borrowing Base, forgives the 
principal amount of any Indebtedness outstanding under this Agreement, 
releases any guarantor of the Indebtedness, or releases Security 
Instruments which in the aggregate cover more than five percent (5%) by 
value of the Mortgaged Property (as reflected on the most recent Reserve 
Report delivered under Section 8.07) during each Borrowing Base Period, 
reduces the interest rate applicable to the Loans or the fees payable to 
the Lenders generally, affects Section 2.03 (a), this Section 12.04 or 
Section 12.05 or modifies the definition of “Majority Lenders” shall be 
effective without consent of all Lenders; (ii) no amendment, modification 
or waiver which increases the Maximum Revolving Credit Amount of any Lender 
shall be effective without the consent of such Lender; and (iii) no 
amendment, modification or waiver which modifies the rights, duties or 
obligations of the Administrative Agent shall be effective without the 
consent of the Administrative Agent.


Section 12.05 Successors and Assigns.

(a) Successors and Assigns Generally. The provisions of this Agreement 
shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and 
their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that 
neither the Borrower nor any other Obligors may assign or otherwise 
transfer any of their respective rights or obligations hereunder without 
the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and 
no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations 
hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of 
subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance 
with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of 
pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of 
subsection (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or 
transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this 
Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any 
Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and 
assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in 
subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated 
hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the 
Issuing Bank and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim 
under or by reason of this Agreement.

(b) Assignments by Lenders. Any Lender may at any time assign to one or 
more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this 
Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at 
the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject 
to the following conditions:

(i) Minimum Amounts.

(A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the 
assigning Lender’s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in
 
64

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an 
Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and

(B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the 
aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans 
outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the 
principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject 
to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and 
Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the 
Administrative Agent or, if “Trade Date” is specified in the Assignment and 
Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $1,000,000 unless 
each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such 
consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, however, 
that concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent 
assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a single assignee (or to 
an assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be treated as a single 
assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been 
met.

(ii) Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be made as an 
assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and 
obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the 
Commitment assigned.

(iii) Required Consents. No consent shall be required for any assignment 
except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, 
in addition:

(A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such 
assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund;

(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required if such assignment is 
to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an 
Approved Fund with respect to such Lender;

(C) the consent of the Issuing Bank (such consent not to be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed) shall be required for any assignment that increases 
the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more 
Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding); and

(iv) Assignment and Assumption. The parties to each assignment shall 
execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and 
Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount, 
if any, required as set forth in Schedule 12.05; provided, however, that 
the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such 
processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, 
if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an 
Administrative Questionnaire.

(v) No Assignment to Borrower. No such assignment shall be made to the 
Borrower or any of the Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries.
 
65

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment shall be made to 
a natural person.


Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent 
pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective 
date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder 
shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest 
assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations 
of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder 
shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and 
Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in 
the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning 
Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall 
cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the 
benefits of Sections 4.06, 5.01, 5.05, and 12.03 with respect to facts and 
circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. 
Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a 
Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of 
rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this 
subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by 
such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance 
with subsection (d) of this Section.

(c) Register. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as 
an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent’s 
Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a 
register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and 
the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans and L/C Exposure 
owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “
Register”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the 
Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person 
whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a 
Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice 
to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the 
Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon 
reasonable prior notice.

(d) Participations. Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or 
notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to 
any Person (other than a natural person or the Borrower or any of the 
Borrower’s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a “Participant”) in all or a 
portion of such Lender’s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement 
(including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including 
such Lender’s participations in L/C Exposure owing to it); provided that 
(i) such Lender’s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, 
(ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties 
hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the 
Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank shall continue to 
deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s 
rights and obligations under this Agreement.

Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a 
participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to 
enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver 
of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or 
instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of 
the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification 
described in the first proviso to Section 12.04 that affects such 
Participant. Subject to subsection (e) of this Section, the Borrower agrees 
that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 4.06, 
5.01 and 5.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired 
its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section. To 
the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the 
benefits of Section 4.05(a) as though it were a Lender, provided such 
Participant agrees to be subject to Section 4.05(b) as though it were a 
Lender.
 
66

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Limitations upon Participant Rights. A Participant shall not be 
entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 4.06 or 5.01 than the 
applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the 
participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the 
participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower’s prior written 
consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender 
shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 4.06 unless the Borrower 
is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such 
Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with 
Section 4.06 as though it were a Lender.

(f) Certain Pledges. Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security 
interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement 
(including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, 
including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal 
Reserve Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such 
Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee 
or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.


Section 12.06 [Reserved].

Section 12.07 Invalidity.

In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained in any of the 
Loan Documents shall, for any reason, be held invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or 
unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of the Notes, this 
Agreement or any other Loan Document.


Section 12.08 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic 
Execution.

(a) Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be 
executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different 
counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which 
when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and 
the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties 
relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous 
agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject 
matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 6.01, this Agreement shall 
become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative 
Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts 
hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other 
parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of 
this Agreement by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually 
executed counterpart of this Agreement.

(b) Electronic Execution of Assignments. The words “execution,” “signed,” 
“signature,” and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption 
shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records 
in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, 
validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a 
paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as 
provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic 
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State 
Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws 
based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.


Section 12.09 References, Use of Word “Including”.
 
67

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The words “herein,” “hereof,” “hereunder” and other words of similar import 
when used in this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole, and not to 
any particular article, section or subsection. Any reference herein to a 
Section or Article shall be deemed to refer to the applicable Section or 
Article of this Agreement unless otherwise stated herein. Any reference 
herein to an exhibit, schedule, or other attachment shall be deemed to 
refer to the applicable exhibit, schedule, or other attachment attached 
hereto unless otherwise stated herein. The words “including,” “includes” 
and words of similar import mean “including, without limitation.”


Section 12.10 Survival.

The obligations of the parties under Section 4.06, Article V, and Sections 
11.05 and 12.03 shall survive the repayment of the Loans and the 
termination of the Commitments. To the extent that any payments on the 
Indebtedness or proceeds of any collateral are subsequently invalidated, 
declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be 
repaid to a trustee, debtor in possession, receiver or other Person under 
any bankruptcy law, common law or equitable cause, then to such extent, the 
Indebtedness so satisfied shall be revived and continue as if such payment 
or proceeds had not been received and the Administrative Agent’s and the 
Lenders’ Liens, security interests, rights, powers and remedies under this 
Agreement and each Security Instrument shall continue in full force and 
effect. In such event, each Security Instrument shall be automatically 
reinstated and the Obligors shall take such action as may be reasonably 
requested by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to effect such 
reinstatement.


Section 12.11 Captions.

Captions and section headings appearing herein are included solely for 
convenience of reference and are not intended to affect the interpretation 
of any provision of this Agreement.


Section 12.12 No Oral Agreements.

The loan documents embody the entire agreement and understanding between 
the parties and supersede all other agreements and understandings between 
such parties relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof. The loan 
documents represent the final agreement between the parties and may not be 
contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous or subsequent oral 
agreements of the parties. There are no unwritten oral agreements between 
the parties.


Section 12.13 Governing law, Submission to Jurisdiction.

(a) This agreement and the notes shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the state of Texas except to the extent that 
United States federal law permits any lender to charge interest at the rate 
allowed by the laws of the state where such lender is located. Ch. 346 of 
the Texas Finance Code (which regulates certain revolving credit loan 
accounts and revolving tri-party accounts) shall not apply to this 
agreement or the notes.

(b) Any legal action or proceeding with respect to the loan documents shall 
be brought in the courts of the state of Texas or of the United States of 
America for the Southern District of Texas, and, by execution and delivery 
of this Agreement, the Borrower and each Guarantor hereby accepts for 
itself and (to the extent permitted by law) in respect of its property, 
generally and unconditionally, the jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts. 
The Borrower and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any objection, 
including, without limitation, any objection to the laying of venue or 
based on the grounds of forum non conveniens, which it may now or hereafter 
have to the bringing of any such action or proceeding in such respective 
jurisdictions. This submission to jurisdiction is non-exclusive and does 
not preclude the Administrative Agent
 
68

------------------------------------------------------------------------
or any Lender from obtaining jurisdiction over the Borrower or any 
Guarantor in any court otherwise having jurisdiction.

(c) The Borrower and each Guarantor hereby irrevocably designates [         
   ], as the designee, appointee and administrative agent of the Borrower 
and each Guarantor to receive, for and on behalf of the Borrower and each 
Guarantor, service of process in such respective jurisdictions in any legal 
action or proceeding with respect to the Loan Documents. It is understood 
that a copy of such process served on such administrative agent will be 
promptly forwarded by overnight courier to the Borrower and the relevant 
Guarantor at their addresses set forth under its signature below, but the 
failure of the Borrower or such Guarantor to receive such copy shall not 
affect in any way the service of such process. The Borrower and each 
Guarantor further irrevocably consents to the service of process of any of 
the aforementioned courts in any such action or proceeding by the mailing 
of copies thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the 
Borrower and any Guarantor at its said address, such service to become 
effective thirty (30) days after such mailing.

(d) Nothing herein shall affect the right of the Administrative Agent or 
any Lender or any holder of a note to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law or to commence legal proceedings or otherwise proceed 
against the Borrower or any Guarantor in any other jurisdiction.

(e) The Borrower, each Guarantor and each Lender hereby (i) irrevocably and 
unconditionally waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, trial by 
jury in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any 
Security Instrument and for any counterclaim therein; (ii) irrevocably 
waive, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have 
to claim or recover in any such litigation any special, exemplary, punitive 
or consequential damages, or damages other than, or in addition to, actual 
damages; (iii) certify that no party hereto nor any representative of 
administrative agent or counsel for any party hereto has represented, 
expressly or otherwise, or implied that such party would not, in the event 
of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waivers, and (iv) acknowledge 
that it has been induced to enter into this Agreement, the Security 
Instruments and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby by, among 
other things, the mutual waivers and certifications contained in this S
ection 12.13.


Section 12.14 Interest.

It is the intention of the parties hereto to conform strictly to Applicable 
Usury Laws regarding the use, forbearance or detention of the indebtedness 
evidenced by this Agreement, the Notes and the other Loan Documents, 
whether such laws are now or hereafter in effect, including the laws of the 
United States or any other jurisdiction whose laws are applicable, and 
including any subsequent revisions to or judicial interpretations of those 
laws, in each case to the extent they are applicable to this Agreement, the 
Notes and the other Loan Documents (the “Applicable Usury Laws”). 
Accordingly, if any acceleration of the maturity of the Notes or any 
payment by Borrower or any other Person produces a rate in excess of the 
Highest Lawful Rate or otherwise results in Borrower or such other Person 
being deemed to have paid any interest in excess of the Maximum Amount, as 
hereinafter defined, or if any Lender shall for any reason receive any 
unearned interest in violation of any Applicable Usury Laws, or if any 
transaction contemplated hereby would otherwise be usurious under any 
Applicable Usury Laws, then, in that event, regardless of any provision 
contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or other agreement 
or instrument executed or delivered in connection herewith, the provisions 
of this Section 12.14 shall govern and control, and neither Borrower nor 
any other Person shall be obligated to pay, or apply in any manner to, any 
amount that would be excessive interest. No Lender shall ever be deemed to 
have
 
69

------------------------------------------------------------------------
contracted for or be entitled to receive, collect, charge, reserve or apply 
as interest on any Loan (whether termed interest therein or deemed to be 
interest by judicial determination or operation of law), any amount in 
excess of the Highest Lawful Rate, and, in the event that such Lender ever 
receives, collects, or applies as interest any such excess, such amount 
which would be excessive interest shall be applied as a partial prepayment 
of principal and treated hereunder as such, and, if the principal amount of 
the applicable Loans are paid in full, any remaining excess shall forthwith 
be paid to Borrower. In determining whether or not the interest contracted 
for, received, collected, charged reserved, paid or payable, including 
under any specific contingency, exceeds the Highest Lawful Rate, Borrower 
and each Lender shall, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable 
law, (a) characterize any non-principal payment (other than payments which 
are expressly designated as interest payments hereunder) as an expense or 
fee rather than as interest, (b) exclude voluntary pre-payments and the 
effect thereof, and (c) amortize and spread the total amount of interest 
throughout the entire stated term of the Loans so that the interest rate is 
uniform throughout such term; provided that if the Loans are paid in full 
prior to the end of the full contemplated term hereof, and if the interest 
received for the actual period of existence thereof exceeds the Highest 
Lawful Rate, if any, then the Lenders shall refund to Borrower the amount 
of such excess, or credit the amount of such excess against the aggregate 
unpaid principal balance of all Loans made by Lender. As used herein, the 
term “Maximum Amount” means the maximum nonusurious amount of interest 
which may be lawfully contracted for, reserved, charged, collected or 
received by Lender in connection with the indebtedness evidenced by this 
Agreement, the Notes and other Loan Documents under all Applicable Usury 
Laws. Texas Finance Code, Chapter 346, which regulates certain revolving 
loan accounts and revolving tri-party accounts, shall not apply to any 
revolving loan accounts created under, or apply in any manner to, the Note, 
this Agreement or the other Loan Documents.


Section 12.15 Confidentiality.

Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank agrees 
to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), 
except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its 
and its Affiliates’ respective partners, directors, officers, employees, 
agents, advisors and representatives (it being understood that the Persons 
to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature 
of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), 
(b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have 
jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the 
National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent 
required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar 
legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the 
exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any 
action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document 
or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an 
agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this 
Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective 
assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this 
Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) 
to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its 
obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower or (h) to the extent such 
Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a 
breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative 
Agent, any Lender, the Issuing Bank or any of their respective Affiliates 
on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower.


For purposes of this Section, “Information” means all information received 
from the Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to the Borrower or any 
Subsidiary or any of their respective businesses, other than any such 
information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or 
the Issuing Bank on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the 
Borrower or any Subsidiary, provided that, in the case of information 
received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary after the date hereof, such 
information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. 
Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as 
provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its
 
70

------------------------------------------------------------------------
obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to 
maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would 
accord to its own confidential information.


Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank 
acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public 
information concerning the Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, 
(b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material 
non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public 
information in accordance with applicable Law, including Federal and state 
securities Laws.


Section 12.16 Disposition of Proceeds.

Certain of the Security Instruments contain an assignment by the Obligors 
unto and in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the 
Lenders of all production and all proceeds attributable thereto which may 
be produced from or allocated to the Mortgaged Property, and such Security 
Instruments further provide in general for the application of such proceeds 
to the satisfaction of the Indebtedness and other obligations described 
therein and secured thereby. Notwithstanding the assignment contained in 
such Security Instruments, so long as no Default exists, the Lenders agree 
that they will neither notify the purchaser or purchasers of such 
production nor take any other action to cause such proceeds to be remitted 
to the Lenders, but the Lenders will instead permit such proceeds to be 
paid to the Obligors.


Section 12.17 USA Patriot Act Notice.

Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the 
Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby 
notifies the Obligors that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot 
Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “
Act”), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that 
identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of 
the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the 
Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance 
with the Act.


[SIGNATURES BEGIN ON NEXT PAGE]
 
71

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the 
day and year first above written.
 

 BORROWER:

  	 	  	GEORESOURCES, INC.,
  	 	  	a Colorado corporation
  	 	  	By: 	  	

/s/ Howard E. Ehler
  	 	  	 	  	Howard E. Ehler
  	 	  	 	  	Vice President and Chief Financial
  	 	  	 	  	Officer
  	 	  	Address for Notices:
  	 	  	110 Cypress Station Drive, Suite 220
  	 	  	Houston, Texas 77090
  	 	  	Attention: Frank A. Lodzinski
GUARANTORS: 	  	 	  	AROC OIL & GAS L.L.C., a Texas limited liability 
company
  	 	  	AROC RESOURCES, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company
  	 	  	AROC (TEXAS), INC., a Texas corporation
  	 	  	SOUTHERN BAY ENERGY, LLC, a Texas limited liability company
  	 	  	SOUTHERN BAY OPERATING, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company
  	 	  	SOUTHERN BAY LOUISIANA, L.L.C., a Texas limited liability company
  	 	  	CATENA OIL & GAS, LLC, a Texas limited
  	 	  	liability company
  	 	  	G3 ENERGY, LLC, a Colorado limited
  	 	  	liability company
  	 	  	G3 OPERATING, LLC, a Colorado limited
  	 	  	liability company
  	 	  	By: 	  	

/s/ Howard E. Ehler
  	 	  	 	  	Howard E. Ehler
  	 	  	 	  	Vice President and Secretary
 
Signature Page to Credit Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
LENDER AND ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: 	  	 	  	WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL
  	  	  	  	ASSOCIATION,
  	 	  	Individually and Administrative Agent
  	 	  	By: 	  	

/s/ Christopher L. Hewitt
  	 	  	Name: 	  	Christopher L. Hewitt
  	 	  	Title: 	  	Vice President
  	 	  	Lending Office for Base Rate Loans and
  	 	  	LIBOR Loans:
  	 	  	Wachovia Bank, National Association
  	 	  	301 South College Street
  	 	  	Charlotte, North Carolina 28288
  	 	  	Attention: Todd Tucker
  	 	  	e-mail: todd.tucker@wachovia.com
  	 	  	Telephone No.: 704-383-0905
  	 	  	Telecopier No.: 704-715-0097
  	 	  	Address for Notices:
  	 	  	Wachovia Bank, National Association
  	 	  	301 South College Street
  	 	  	Charlotte, North Carolina 28288
  	 	  	Attention: Todd Tucker
  	 	  	e-mail: todd.tucker@wachovia.com
  	 	  	Telephone No.: 704-383-0905
  	 	  	Telecopier No.: 704-715-0097
  	 	  	With a copy to:
  	 	  	1001 Fannin, Suite 2255
  	 	  	Houston, Texas 77002
  	 	  	Telecopier No.: 713-650-6354
  	 	  	Telephone No.: 713-346-2749
  	 	  	Attention: Chris Hewitt
 
Signature Page to Credit Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
LENDER: 	   	 	  	U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender
   	 	  	
   	 	  	By: 	  	

/s/ Heather A. Han
   	 	  	Name: 	  	Heather A. Han
   	 	  	Title: 	  	Assistant Vice President
 
Signature Page to Credit Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX I


LIST OF PERCENTAGE SHARES, MAXIMUM REVOLVING CREDIT AMOUNTS
 
Name of Lender
   	Percentage Share 	  	  	Maximum Revolving
Credit Agreement

 Wachovia Bank, National Association

   	66.75 	% 	  	$ 	66,750,000.00

 U.S. Bank National Association

   	33.25 	% 	  	$ 	33,250,000.00

 Total

   	100 	% 	  	$ 	100,000,000.00

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A


FORM OF NOTE
 
 
  	 	  	 	  	July    , 2007


FOR VALUE RECEIVED, GEORESOURCES, INC., a Colorado corporation (the “
Borrower”) hereby promises to pay to the order of                      
(the “Lender”), at the Principal Office of WACHOVIA BANK, NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION (the “Administrative Agent”), at                     , the 
principal sum of                      Dollars ($            ) (or such 
lesser amount as shall equal the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the 
Loans made by the Lender to the Borrower under the Credit Agreement, as 
hereinafter defined), in lawful money of the United States and in 
immediately available funds, on the dates and in the principal amounts 
provided in the Credit Agreement, and to pay interest on the unpaid 
principal amount of each such Loan, at such office, in like money and 
funds, for the period commencing on the date of such Loan until such Loan 
shall be paid in full, at the rates per annum and on the dates provided in 
the Credit Agreement.


The date, amount, Type, interest rate, Interest Period and maturity of each 
Loan made by the Lender to the Borrower, and each payment made on account 
of the principal thereof, shall be recorded by the Lender on its books and, 
prior to any transfer of this Note, endorsed by the Lender on the schedules 
attached hereto or any continuation thereof.


This Note is one of the Notes referred to in the Credit Agreement dated as 
of July __, 2007 among the Borrower, the Lenders which are or become 
parties thereto (including the Lender) and the Administrative Agent (as the 
same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Credit 
Agreement”), and evidences Loans made by the Lender thereunder. Capitalized 
terms used in this Note have the respective meanings assigned to them in 
the Credit Agreement.


This Note is issued pursuant to the Credit Agreement and is entitled to the 
benefits provided for in the Credit Agreement and the Security Instruments. 
The Credit Agreement provides for the acceleration of the maturity of this 
Note upon the occurrence of certain events, for prepayments of Loans upon 
the terms and conditions specified therein and other provisions relevant to 
this Note.


THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS 
OF THE STATE OF TEXAS.
 
GEORESOURCES, INC.,
a Colorado corporation
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B


FORM OF BORROWING, CONTINUATION AND CONVERSION REQUEST


            , 200    


GEORESOURCES, INC., a Colorado corporation (the “Borrower”), pursuant to 
the Credit Agreement dated as of July __, 2007 among the Borrower, certain 
subsidiaries of the Borrower, Wachovia Bank, National Association as 
Administrative Agent for the lenders (the “Lenders”) which are or become 
parties thereto, and such Lenders (together with all amendments or 
supplements thereto, the “Credit Agreement”), hereby makes the requests 
indicated below (unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms are 
defined in the Credit Agreement):
 
¨ 	   	1. 	   	Loans:
   	(a) 	   	Aggregate amount of new Loans to be $            ;
   	(b) 	   	Requested funding date is             , 200    ;
   	(c) 	   	$             of such borrowings are to be LIBOR Loans;
   	 	   	$             of such borrowings are to be Base Rate Loans; and
   	(d) 	   	Length of Interest Period for LIBOR Loans is:
   	 	   	                    .
¨ 	   	2. 	   	LIBOR Loan Continuation for LIBOR Loans maturing on          
   :
   	(a) 	   	Aggregate amount to be continued as LIBOR Loans is $           
 ;
   	(b) 	   	Aggregate amount to be converted to Base Rate Loans is $       
     ;
   	(c) 	   	Length of Interest Period for continued LIBOR Loans is         
            .
   	3. 	   	Conversion of Outstanding Base Rate Loans to LIBOR Loans:
   	 	   	Convert $             of the outstanding Base Rate Loans to LIBOR 
Loans on                      with an Interest Period of                    
 .
¨ 	   	4. 	   	Conversion of outstanding LIBOR Loans to Base Rate Loans:
   	 	   	Convert $             of the outstanding LIBOR Loans with 
Interest Period maturing on                     , 200    , to Base Rate 
Loans.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The undersigned certifies that he/she is the [            ] of the 
Borrower, and that as such he/she is authorized to execute this certificate 
on behalf of the Borrower. The undersigned further certifies, represents 
and warrants on behalf of the Borrower that the Borrower is entitled to 
receive the requested borrowing, continuation or conversion under the terms 
and conditions of the Credit Agreement.
 
GEORESOURCES, INC.,
a Colorado corporation
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT C


FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE


The undersigned hereby certifies that he is the                      of 
GEORESOURCES, INC., a Colorado corporation (the “Borrower”) and that as 
such he is authorized to execute this certificate on behalf of the 
Borrower. With reference to the Credit Agreement dated as of July     , 
2007 among the Borrower, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as 
Administrative Agent for the lenders (the “Lenders”) which are or become a 
party thereto, and such Lenders (together with all amendments or 
supplements thereto being the “Credit Agreement”), the undersigned 
represents and warrants as follows (each capitalized term used herein 
having the same meaning given to it in the Credit Agreement unless 
otherwise specified):

(a) The representations and warranties of the Obligors contained in 
Article VII of the Credit Agreement and in the Security Instruments and 
otherwise made in writing by or on behalf of the Obligors pursuant to the 
Credit Agreement and the Security Instruments were true and correct when 
made, and are repeated at and as of the time of delivery hereof and are 
true and correct at and as of the time of delivery hereof, except as such 
representations and warranties are modified to give effect to the 
transactions expressly permitted by the Credit Agreement.

(b) The Obligors have performed and complied with all agreements and 
conditions contained in the Credit Agreement and in the Security 
Instruments required to be performed or complied with by it prior to or at 
the time of delivery hereof.

(c) None of the Obligors nor any Subsidiary has incurred any material 
liabilities, direct or contingent, since                     , except those 
set forth in Schedule 9.01 to the Credit Agreement and except those allowed 
by the terms of the Credit Agreement or consented to by the Lenders in 
writing.

(d) Since                     , no change has occurred, either in any case 
or in the aggregate, in the condition, financial or otherwise, of the 
Obligors or any Subsidiary which would have a Material Adverse Effect.

(e) There exists, and, after giving effect to the loan or loans with 
respect to which this certificate is being delivered, will exist, no 
Default under the Credit Agreement or any event or circumstance which 
constitutes, or with notice or lapse of time (or both) would constitute, an 
event of default under any loan or credit agreement, indenture, deed of 
trust, security agreement or other agreement or instrument evidencing or 
pertaining to any Debt of the Obligors or any Subsidiary, or under any 
material agreement or instrument to which any Obligor or any Subsidiary is 
a party or by which any Obligor or any Subsidiary is bound.

(f) The financial statements furnished to the Administrative Agent with 
this certificate fairly present the consolidated financial condition and 
results of operations of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as 
at the end of, and for, the [fiscal quarter] [fiscal year] ending           
           and such financial statements have been approved in accordance 
with the accounting procedures specified in the Credit Agreement.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) Attached hereto are the detailed computations necessary to determine 
whether the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries are in compliance 
with Sections 9.12, 9.13 and 9.14 of the Credit Agreement as of the end of 
the [fiscal quarter] [fiscal year] ending                     .


EXECUTED AND DELIVERED this              day of 200    .
 

 GEORESOURCES, INC.,

 a Colorado corporation

 By:

  	
 

 Name:

  	

 Title:

  	

 [Other Obligor Signature Blocks]

 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT D


SECURITY INSTRUMENTS


1) Pledge and Collateral Agreement executed by Borrower


2) Pledge and Collateral Agreement executed by Southern Bay Energy, LLC


3) Pledge and Collateral Agreement executed by AROC Resources L.L.C.


4) Pledge and Collateral Agreement related to stock ownership in entity 
with Utah property interests (to be provided post closing)


4) UCC-1 Financing Statement relating to items 1, 2, 3 and 4 above


6) Guaranty executed by AROC (TEXAS), INC., AROC Oil & Gas L.L.C., AROC 
Resources L.L.C., Catena Oil & Gas, LLC, G3 Energy, LLC, G3 Operating, LLC, 
Southern Bay Energy, LLC, Southern Bay Operating L.L.C., and Southern Bay 
Louisiana L.L.C.


7) Mortgage-Collateral Real Estate Mortgage, Deed of Trust, Assignment of 
Production, Security Agreement, and Financing Statement executed by G3 
Energy, LLC filed in the applicable counties in Colorado.


8) Mortgage-Collateral Real Estate Mortgage, Deed of Trust, Assignment of 
Production, Security Agreement, and Financing Statement executed by G3 
Energy, LLC filed in the applicable counties in Montana.


9) Mortgage-Collateral Real Estate Mortgage, Deed of Trust, Assignment of 
Production, Security Agreement, and Financing Statement executed by G3 
Energy, LLC filed in the applicable counties in North Dakota.


10) Mortgage-Collateral Real Estate Mortgage, Deed of Trust, Assignment of 
Production, Security Agreement, and Financing Statement executed by 
Southern Bay Energy, LLC filed in the applicable counties in Texas.


11) Mortgage-Collateral Real Estate Mortgage, Deed of Trust, Assignment of 
Production, Security Agreement, and Financing Statement executed by Catena 
Oil & Gas LLC filed in the applicable counties in Texas.


12) Mortgage-Collateral Real Estate Mortgage, Deed of Trust, Assignment of 
Production, Security Agreement, and Financing Statement executed by AROC 
Oil & Gas L.L.C. filed in the applicable counties in Texas.


13) Act of Mortgage, Assignment of Production, Security Agreement, Fixture 
Filing and Financing Statement executed by Southern Bay Energy, LLC filed 
in the applicable counties in Louisiana.


14) Act of Mortgage, Assignment of Production, Security Agreement, Fixture 
Filing and Financing Statement executed by Southern Bay Louisiana, LLC 
filed in the applicable counties in Louisiana.


15) Act of Mortgage, Assignment of Production, Security Agreement, Fixture 
Filing and Financing Statement executed by AROC Oil & Gas L.L.C. filed in 
the applicable counties in Louisiana.


16) UCC-1 Financing Statement relating to items 7-15 above, as applicable
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT F


ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION


This Assignment and Assumption (this “Assignment and Assumption”) is dated 
as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between 
[the][each] Assignor identified in item 1 below ([the][each, an] “Assignor
”) and [the][each] Assignee identified in item 2 below ([the][each, an] “
Assignee”). [It is understood and agreed that the rights and obligations of 
[the Assignors][the Assignees] hereunder are several and not joint.] 
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given 
to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (the “Credit Agreement”), 
receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The 
Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are 
hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of 
this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full.


For an agreed consideration, [the][each] Assignor hereby irrevocably sells 
and assigns to [the Assignee][the respective Assignees], and [the][each] 
Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from [the Assignor][the 
respective Assignors], subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms 
and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted 
by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of [the 
Assignor’s][the respective Assignors’] rights and obligations in [its 
capacity as a Lender][their respective capacities as Lenders] under the 
Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant 
thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest 
identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of [the 
Assignor][the respective Assignors] under the respective facilities 
identified below (including, without limitation, the Letters of Credit 
included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be 
assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any 
other right of [the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender)][the respective 
Assignors (in their respective capacities as Lenders)] against any Person, 
whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit 
Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or 
the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to 
any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort 
claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or 
in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant 
to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by 
[the][any] Assignor to [the][any] Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) 
above being referred to herein collectively as [the][an] “Assigned Interest
”). Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to [the][any] 
Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and 
Assumption, without representation or warranty by [the][any] Assignor.
 

  1.      Assignor[s]:

  	
 
   	 	   	
  	
 
   	 	   	

  2.      Assignee[s]:

  	
 
   	 	   	
  	
 
   	 	   	

  [for each Assignee, indicate [Affiliate][Approved Fund] of [identify
  Lender]]

  3.      Borrower(s):

  	GEORESOURCES, INC., 	   	 	   	

  4.      Administrative Agent: Wachovia Bank, National Association, as the
  administrative agent under the Credit Agreement

 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  5.      Credit Agreement: Credit Agreement, dated as of [            ],
  among GEORESOURCES, INC., the Lenders from time to time party thereto,
  and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent and
  Issuing Bank.

  6.      Assigned Interest[s]:

 
Assignor[s]
   	Assignee[s] 	   	
Facility
Assigned
   	
Aggregate
Amount of
Commitment/Loans
for all Lenders
   	
Amount of
Commitment/Loans
Assigned
  	
Percentage
Assigned of
Commitment/Loans
  	
CUSIP
Number
   	 	   	
 
   	$                             	   	$                             	  	   
                         % 	  	
   	 	   	
 
   	$                             	   	$                             	  	   
                         % 	  	
   	 	   	
 
   	$                             	   	$                             	  	   
                         % 	  	
 
[7. 	Trade Date:             ]


Effective Date:                     , 20     [TO BE INSERTED BY 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION 
OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]


The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to:
 
ASSIGNOR
[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
ASSIGNEE
[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 
Consented to and Accepted:

 Wachovia Bank, National Association,
 as Administrative Agent

By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
By: 	  	
 
Title: 	  	
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
[                    ]
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION


1. Representations and Warranties.

1.1. Assignor. [The][Each] Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it 
is the legal and beneficial owner of [the][[the relevant] Assigned 
Interest, (ii) [the][such] Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, 
encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and 
authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this 
Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated 
hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any 
statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the 
Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, 
validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan 
Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of 
the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person 
obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or 
observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any 
other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan 
Document.


1.2. Assignee. [The][Each] Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it 
has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to 
execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit 
Agreement, (ii) it meets all the requirements to be an assignee under 
Section 12.05(b)(iii), (v) and (vi) of the Credit Agreement (subject to 
such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 12.05(b)(iii) of 
the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be 
bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, 
to the extent of [the][the relevant] Assigned Interest, shall have the 
obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect 
to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by [the][such] 
Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in 
making its decision to acquire [the][such] Assigned Interest, is 
experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of 
the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity 
to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered 
pursuant to Section      thereof, as applicable, and such other documents 
and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and 
decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase 
[the][such] Assigned Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without 
reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on 
such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own 
credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption 
and to purchase [the][such] Assigned Interest, and (vii) if it is a Foreign 
Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it 
pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed 
by [the][such] Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and 
without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, [the][any] Assignor or any 
other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem 
appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in 
taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will 
perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the 
terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender.


2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent 
shall make all payments in respect of [the][each] Assigned Interest 
(including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to 
[the][the relevant] Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but 
excluding the Effective Date and to [the][the relevant] Assignee for 
amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding 
upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective 
successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in 
any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. 
Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment 
and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually 
executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption. This Assignment and 
Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law 
of the State of Texas.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT F


INITIAL RESERVE REPORT


[To be provided]
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 7.02


LIABILITIES


None.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 7.03


LITIGATION


None
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 7.09


TAXES


None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 7.10


TITLES, ETC.


None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 7.15


PLACE OF ORGANIZATION
 
Obligor
   	
State of Organization
   	  	   	 
GeoResources, Inc. 	   	Colorado 	   	 	   	
Southern Bay Energy, LLC 	   	Texas 	   	 	   	
Southern Bay Operating, L.L.C. 	   	Texas 	   	 	   	
Southern Bay Louisiana, L.L.C. 	   	Texas 	   	 	   	
AROC Resources, L.L.C. 	   	Texas 	   	 	   	
AROC (Texas), Inc. 	   	Texas 	   	 	   	
AROC Oil & Gas, L.L.C. 	   	Texas 	   	 	   	
Catena Oil & Gas, LLC 	   	Texas 	   	 	   	
G3 Energy, LLC 	   	Colorado 	   	 	   	
G3 Operating, LLC 	   	Colorado 	   	 	   	


Location of Business and Chief Executive Offices:

110 Cypress Station Drive, Suite 220
Houston, Texas 77090

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 7.17


ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS


None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 7.19


INSURANCE


[Borrower will Deliver]
 
Schedule 7.23 - 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 7.20


HEDGING AGREEMENTS


SOUTHERN BAY HEDGING SCHEDULE
CRUDE OIL
 
COUNTERPARTY
   	TYPE 	   	START 	   	END 	   	QUANTITY/MONTH 	   	PRICE 	   	
MTM
6-30/07
 

 Wachovia Bank

   	Costless Collar 	   	1-1-07 	   	12-31-07 	   	2,000/BBLS 	   	$55.00 - 
$69.30 	   	$ 	(8,386 	)

 Wachovia Bank

   	Swap 	   	1-1-07 	   	12-31-07 	   	3,000/BBLS 	   	$38.20 	   	  	
(563,577 	)

 Wachovia Bank

   	Swap 	   	1-1-07 	   	12-31-07 	   	2,000/BBLS 	   	$40.54 	   	  	
(348,080 	)

 Wachovia Bank

   	Costless Collar 	   	1-1-07 	   	12-31-07 	   	2,000/BBLS 	   	$65.00 - 
$78.52 	   	  	—   	 

 Wachovia Bank

   	Costless Collar 	   	7-1-07 	   	12-31-07 	   	2,000/BBLS 	   	$65.00 - 
$74.35 	   	  	—   	 

 Wachovia Bank

   	Costless Collar 	   	1-1-08 	   	12-31-08 	   	10,000/BBLS 	   	$65.00 
- $75.10 	   	  	—   	 
 
SOUTHERN BAY HEDGING SCHEDULE
NATURAL GAS
 
 
 
COUNTERPARTY
   	TYPE 	   	START 	   	END 	   	QUANTITY/MONTH 	   	SWAP PRICE 	   	  	 

 Wachovia Bank

   	Swap 	   	1-1-07 	   	12-31-07 	   	15,000 MCF 	   	$5.70 	   	  	
(108,782 	)

 Wachovia Bank

   	Costless Collar 	   	4-1-07 	   	3-31-08 	   	10,000 MCF 	   	$7.50 - 
$9.30 	   	  	33,780 	 

 Wachovia Bank

   	Costless Collar 	   	4-1-08 	   	13-31-08 	   	10,000 MCF 	   	$8.00 - 
$8.45 	   	  	—   	 
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	  	  	 
Net Asset (liability) 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	$ 	(995,045 	)
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	  	  	 
 
Schedule 7.23 - 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 7.23


GAS IMBALANCES
GAS BALANCING STATUS
FOR OPERATING SUBSIDIARIES OF GEORESOURCES, INC.
(operated and non-operated properties)


None
 
Schedule 7.23 - 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 9.01


DEBT


None.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 9.02


LIENS


None.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 9.03


INVESTMENTS, LOANS AND ADVANCES


None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 12.02


NOTICES


Borrower

GeoResources, Inc.
110 Cypress Station Drive, Suite 220
Houston, TX 77090
Attention: Frank A. Lodzinski
e-mail: frank@sbenergy.com
Telephone No.: 281-537-9920
Telecopier No.: 281-537-8324


Administrative Agent

301 South College Street
Charlotte, North Carolina 28288
Attention: Todd Tucker
e-mail: todd.tucker@wachovia.com
Telephone No.: 704-383-0905
Telecopier No.: 704-715-0097


With a Copy to:

Wachovia Bank, National Association
1001 Fannin, Suite 2255
Houston, Texas 77002
Telecopier No.: 713-650-6354
Telephone No.: 713-346-2749
Attention: Chris Hewitt

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 12.05


PROCESSING AND RECORDATION FEES


[To be provided]