 EX-10 3 exhibit-10_1.htm
Exhibit 10.1
 
 
 
SECOND AMENDMENT TO SERVICE AGREEMENT
 
This is the Second Amendment (this “Amendment”) to the Service Agreement 
between ING USA Annuity and Life Insurance Company (formerly, Golden 
American Life Insurance Company) (“ING USA”) and Directed Services LLC 
(formerly, Directed Services, Inc.) (“DSL”). This Amendment, executed on 
August 9, 2007, is effective as of July 31, 2007.
 
1.          Background. ING USA and DSL are parties to a Service Agreement, 
dated March 7, 1995 (the “Base Agreement”) pursuant to which ING USA and 
DSL provide each other with certain services more particularly described in 
Section 2 of the Base Agreement. ING USA and DSL executed a first 
amendment, effective March 7, 1995, to the Base Agreement (the “First 
Amendment”) pursuant to which the parties (i) clarified certain services to 
be provided by DSL; and (ii) added expense examples to Section 3 of the 
Base Agreement to clarify equitable expense determinations. The Base 
Agreement, together with the First Amendment is hereinafter referred to as 
the “Agreement”. ING USA and DSL wish to amend (i) Section 3(c) of the 
Agreement relating to compensation payable to ING USA for managerial and 
supervisory services; and (ii) Section 11 of the Agreement to provide for 
the laws of Iowa as the governing law of the Agreement. Capitalized terms 
not defined in this Amendment shall have the meaning ascribed to them in 
the Agreement.
 
2.          Amendment to Section 3 of the Agreement. Section 3 is amended 
by the deletion of subparagraph (c) and the insertion of the following 
provision as subparagraph (c) thereof;
 
“(c) Expenses for managerial and supervisory services – DSL shall pay to 
ING USA on a monthly basis in arrears, an amount equal to the product of 
the Monthly Rate (as hereinafter defined) times the Monthly AUM (as 
hereinafter defined). Monthly Rate shall mean for any month, the amount 
derived by dividing total average assets ING Investors Trust for such month 
by the net income earned by ING Investors Trust for such month. Monthly AUM 
shall mean for any month, that portion of the total average assets of ING 
Investors Trust for such month that is attributable to ING USA deposits.”
 
3.          Amendment to Section 11 of the Agreement. Section 11 is deleted 
and the following provision is inserted in lieu thereof:
 
 
“11. Governing Law.
This Agreement is made pursuant to, and shall be governed by, interpreted 
under, and the rights of the parties determined in accordance with, the 
laws of the State of Iowa.”
 
1 of 2
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

4.          Amended Agreement. Except as specifically amended by this 
Amendment, each and every term of the Agreement remains in full force and 
effect.
 
5.          Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in separate 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be duly 
executed on August 9, 2007.
 
ING USA Annuity and Life Insurance Company
 
By: /s/ Alice W. Su
 
     Alice W. Su
 
     Vice President and Actuary
 
 
Directed Services LLC
 
By: /s/ Alyce L. Shaw
 
     Alyce L. Shaw
 
     Vice President
 
 
 
2 of 2
 
 