 EX-10.2 3 h51549exv10w2.htm ANADARKO RETIREMENT RESTORATION PLAN


 

Exhibit 10.2






ANADARKO RETIREMENT RESTORATION PLAN


(As Amended and Restated Effective as of November 7, 2007)

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Table of Contents
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Description 	  	  	  	  	  	Page
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Article I Purposes of the Plan 	  	  	1 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Article II Definitions 	  	  	1 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
     2.01 	  	Definitions 	  	  	1 	 
 
  	(a) 	  	Act 	  	  	1 	 
 
  	(b) 	  	Actuarial Equivalent 	  	  	1 	 
 
  	(c) 	  	Affiliated Entity 	  	  	1 	 
 
  	(d) 	  	Beneficiary 	  	  	2 	 
 
  	(e) 	  	Code 	  	  	2 	 
 
  	(f) 	  	Committee 	  	  	2 	 
 
  	(g) 	  	Company 	  	  	2 	 
 
  	(h) 	  	Directors 	  	  	2 	 
 
  	(i) 	  	Eligible Employee 	  	  	2 	 
 
  	(j) 	  	Employee 	  	  	2 	 
 
  	(k) 	  	Employer 	  	  	2 	 
 
  	(l) 	  	Employment 	  	  	2 	 
 
  	(m) 	  	Limitations 	  	  	2 	 
 
  	(n) 	  	Participant 	  	  	2 	 
 
  	(o) 	  	Plan 	  	  	2 	 
 
  	(p) 	  	Plan Year 	  	  	2 	 
 
  	(q) 	  	Retirement Plan 	  	  	3 	 
 
  	(r) 	  	Separation from Service 	  	  	3 	 
 
  	(s) 	  	Specified Employee 	  	  	3 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Article III Administration 	  	  	3 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
      3.01 	  	Composition of Administrative Committee 	  	  	3 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
      3.02 	  	Administration of Plan 	  	  	3 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
      3.03 	  	Action by Committee 	  	  	3 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
      3.04 	  	Delegation 	  	  	4 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
      3.05 	  	Reliance Upon Information 	  	  	4 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
      3.06 	  	Indemnity of Plan Administration Employee 	  	  	4 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Article IV Eligibility 	  	  	5 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Article V Amount of Benefit 	  	  	5 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
      5.01 	  	General Benefits 	  	  	5 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
      5.02 	  	Supplemental Benefits 	  	  	5 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
      5.03 	  	Other Supplemental Benefits 	  	  	6 	 


i

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
Article VI Payment of Benefits 	  	  	6 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      6.01
  	Lump Sum Benefit 	  	  	6 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      6.02
  	Payment Under Retirement Plan Before 2009 	  	  	7 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      6.03
  	Specified Employees 	  	  	7 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
Article VII Participant’s Rights and Nature of Plan 	  	  	7 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
Article VIII Amendment and Discontinuance 	  	  	8 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
Article IX Claims Procedure 	  	  	9 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      9.01
  	Filing a Claim 	  	  	9 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      9.02
  	Denial of Claim 	  	  	9 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      9.03
  	Reasons for Denial 	  	  	9 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      9.04
  	Review of Denial 	  	  	9 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      9.05
  	Decision Upon Review 	  	  	10 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      9.06
  	Other Procedures 	  	  	10 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      9.07
  	Finality of Determinations; Exhaustion of Remedies 	  	  	10 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      9.08
  	Effect of Committee Action 	  	  	11 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
Article X Miscellaneous 	  	  	11 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      10.01
  	Construction 	  	  	11 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      10.02
  	Powers of the Company 	  	  	11 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      10.03
  	Beneficiary Designations 	  	  	12 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      10.04
  	Limitation of Rights 	  	  	12 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      10.05
  	Distribution due to Qualified Domestic Relations Order 	  	  	13 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      10.06
  	Nonalienation of Benefits 	  	  	13 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      10.07
  	Facility of Payments 	  	  	13 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      10.08
  	Withholding of Taxes 	  	  	13 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      10.09
  	Adoption of Plan by Affiliated Entity 	  	  	14 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      10.10
  	Waiver 	  	  	14 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      10.11
  	Notice 	  	  	14 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      10.12
  	Severability 	  	  	14 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      10.13
  	Gender, Tense and Headings 	  	  	14 	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
      10.14
  	Governing Law 	  	  	14 	 


ii

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ANADARKO RETIREMENT RESTORATION PLAN


(As Amended and Restated Effective as of November 7, 2007)


Article I
Purposes of the Plan

     The purposes of the Anadarko Retirement Restoration Plan (the “Plan
”), as sponsored by Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (the “Company”), are (i) 
to recognize the value to the Company of the past and present services of 
the Eligible Employees and (ii) to encourage their continued employment 
service by providing benefits for their future retirement security. The 
Plan was created because of certain Limitations which are imposed on the 
Retirement Plan by the Code.

     The Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded “deferred compensation 
plan” characterized as a “top-hat plan” for “a select group of management 
or highly compensated employees” within the meaning of Sections 201(2), 
301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of the Act. The Plan was originally effective as of 
January 1, 1995, amended effective as of July 31, 2003, and is hereby 
amended and restated generally effective as of November 7, 2007 (the “
Effective Date”) except as may be otherwise noted herein, primarily for the 
purposes of (i) incorporating changes required by Code Section 409A, (ii) 
designating certain amounts held under the Plan as being exempt from the 
requirements of Code Section 409A, and (iii) incorporating other desired 
changes into the Plan. The Plan is intended to comply with the requirements 
of Code Section 409A for nonqualified deferred compensation plans and is to 
be construed in accordance with Code Section 409A to avoid the imposition 
of any type of taxation under Code Section 409A.


Article II
Definitions

     2.01Definitions. Where the following words and phrases appear in this 
Plan they shall have the respective meanings set forth below, unless their 
context clearly indicates to the contrary.

          (a) Act. The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended and the regulations and other authority issued thereunder by the 
appropriate governmental authority.

          (b) Actuarial Equivalent. The equivalence of a benefit, as 
determined by an actuary appointed by the Committee (“Actuary”), in terms 
of another benefit utilizing such assumptions as in the aggregate represent 
the Actuary’s best estimate of equivalent value for the purpose for which 
the determination is being made.

          (c) Affiliated Entity. An entity which is affiliated by common 
ownership or control with the Company.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (d) Beneficiary. Means the beneficiary or beneficiaries 
designated by the Participant, in accordance with Section 10.03, to receive 
any amounts distributable under the Plan upon his death.

          (e) Code. The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the 
regulations and other authority related thereto.

          (f) Committee. The Administrative Committee appointed by the 
Directors to administer the Plan.

          (g) Company. Anadarko Petroleum Corporation or its successor in 
interest.

          (h) Directors. The Board of Directors of the Company or the 
Compensation and Benefits Committee of the Board of Directors.

          (i) Eligible Employee. An Employee who participates in the 
Retirement Plan and whose benefits are reduced by Limitations or whose 
taxable compensation has been reduced as a result of an election by the 
Employee to defer compensation pursuant to a deferred compensation plan 
maintained by an Employer.

          (j) Employee. An Employee as defined in the Retirement Plan.

          (k) Employer. The Company or an Affiliated Entity which has 
adopted the Plan.

          (l) Employment. Means that the individual is in employment as an 
Employee. In this regard, neither the transfer of a Participant from 
employment by an Employer to employment by an Affiliated Entity nor the 
transfer of a Participant from employment by an Affiliated Entity to 
employment by an Employer shall be deemed to be a Separation from Service 
by the Participant.

          (m) Limitations. The aggregate of the limitations imposed under 
Code Sections 401(a)(17) and 415 plus any amounts deferred as the result of 
an election by an Employee to defer compensation pursuant to a deferred 
compensation plan maintained by an Employer.

          (n) Participant. Any Eligible Employee who has been designated by 
the Committee to participate in the Plan or any other individual who has an 
accrued benefit under the Plan which has not been fully distributed.

          (o) Plan. The Anadarko Retirement Restoration Plan, as it may be 
amended from time to time.

          (p) Plan Year. The twelve consecutive month period commencing on 
January 1 of each year.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (q) Retirement Plan. The Anadarko Retirement Plan, as amended 
from time to time.

          (r) Separation from Service. The Participant’s separation from 
service with the Employer and all Affiliated Entities, within the meaning 
of Code Section 409A.

          (s) Specified Employee. Any Participant who is a “Specified 
Employee” (as defined in Code Section 409A) upon his Separation from 
Service, as determined by the Company or the Committee.


Article III
Administration

     3.01 Composition of Administrative Committee. The administrative 
committee shall be comprised of such Employees as chosen by the Directors 
to constitute such committee (the “Administrative Committee” or “Committee
”). Each member of the Committee shall serve at the pleasure of the 
Directors, and the Directors may remove or replace a member of the 
Committee pursuant to procedures established by the Directors.

     A member of the Committee may also be a Participant. A member of the 
Committee who is also a Participant shall not vote or otherwise act on any 
matter relating solely to himself.

     The members of the Committee shall not receive any special 
compensation for serving in their capacities as members of the Committee 
but shall be reimbursed by the Company for any reasonable expenses incurred 
in connection therewith. No bond or other security need be required of the 
Committee or any member thereof.

     3.02 Administration of Plan. The Committee shall operate, administer, 
interpret, construe and construct the Plan, including correcting any 
defect, supplying any omission or reconciling any inconsistency. The 
Committee shall have all powers necessary or appropriate to implement and 
administer the terms and provisions of the Plan, including the power to 
make findings of fact. The determination of the Committee as to the proper 
interpretation, construction, or application of any term or provision of 
the Plan shall be final, binding, and conclusive with respect to all 
Participants and other interested persons.

     3.03 Action by Committee. A majority of the members of the Committee 
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the vote of 
a majority of those members present at any meeting at which a quorum is 
present shall decide any question brought before the meeting and shall be 
the act of the Committee. In addition, the Committee may take any other 
action otherwise proper under the Plan by an affirmative vote, taken 
without a meeting, of a majority of its members.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     3.04 Delegation. The Committee may, in its discretion, delegate one or 
more of its duties to its designated agents or to an Employee, but it may 
not delegate its authority to make the determinations specified in Section 
3.02.

     3.05 Reliance Upon Information. No member of the Committee shall be 
liable for any decision, action, omission, or mistake in judgment, provided 
that he acted in good faith in connection with the administration of the 
Plan. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any decision or 
action taken by the Committee (or member thereof) in reasonable reliance 
upon any information supplied to it by the Directors, any Employee, the 
Employer’s legal counsel, the Employer’s independent accountants or the 
Actuary, shall be deemed to have been taken in good faith.

     The Committee (or an individual member thereof) may consult with legal 
counsel, who may be counsel for the Employer or other counsel, with respect 
to its obligations or duties hereunder, or with respect to any action, 
proceeding or question at law, and shall not be liable with respect to any 
action taken or omitted, in good faith, pursuant to the advice of such 
counsel.

     3.06 Indemnity of Plan Administration Employee. To the full extent 
permitted by law, the Company shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless 
each past, present and future member of the Committee and each other 
Employee who acts in the capacity of an agent, delegate or representative 
of the Committee under the Plan (hereafter, all such indemnified persons 
shall be jointly and severally referred to as “Plan Administration 
Employee”) against, and each Plan Administration Employee shall be entitled 
without further act on his part to indemnity from the Company for, any and 
all losses, claims, damages, judgments, settlements, liabilities, expenses 
and costs (and all actions in respect thereof and any legal or other costs 
and expenses in giving testimony or furnishing documents in response to a 
subpoena or otherwise), including the cost of investigating, preparing or 
defending any pending, threatened or anticipated action, claim, suit or 
other proceeding, whether or not in connection with litigation in which the 
Plan Administration Employee is a party (collectively, the “Losses”), as 
and when incurred, directly or indirectly, relating to, based upon, arising 
out of, or resulting from his being or having been a Plan Administration 
Employee; provided, however, that such indemnity shall not include any 
Losses incurred by such Plan Administration Employee with respect to any 
matters as to which he is finally adjudged in any such action, suit or 
proceeding to have been guilty of gross negligence or intentional 
misconduct in the performance of his duties as a Plan Administration 
Employee. The foregoing right of indemnification shall be in addition to 
any liability or obligation that any Employer may otherwise have to the 
Plan Administration Employee, and shall be in addition to all other rights 
to which the Plan Administration Employee may be entitled as a matter of 
law, contract, or otherwise.

     The Plan Administration Employee shall have the right to retain 
counsel of its own choice to represent him, provided that such counsel is 
acceptable to the Employer (which acceptance shall not be unreasonably 
withheld). The Company shall pay the fees and expenses of such counsel, and 
such counsel shall to the full extent consistent with its professional 
responsibilities cooperate with the Employer and its counsel. The rights of

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

indemnification under this Section 3.06 shall inure to the benefit of the 
successors and assigns, and the heirs, executors, administrators and 
personal representatives of each Plan Administration Employee, shall be in 
addition to any liability or obligation that any Employer may otherwise 
have to the Plan Administration Employee and shall be in addition to all 
other rights to which the Plan Administration Employee may be entitled as a 
matter of law, contract, or otherwise.


Article IV
Eligibility

     Before the start of a Plan Year, or at any other time and from time to 
time, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall designate the 
Participants and the effective date and other terms and conditions of 
participation; provided, however, an Employee may be a Participant only if 
the Committee determines that such individual is “a member of a select 
group of management or highly compensated employees” of the Employer within 
the meaning of Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of the Act.


Article V
Amount of Benefit

     5.01 General Benefits. The benefits payable under this Plan to a 
Participant (or Beneficiary thereof) shall be paid at the time and in the 
manner described in Article VI based upon an amount equal to the Actuarial 
Equivalent of the excess, if any of (a) over (b), where:

  	(a) 	  	is the benefit that would have been payable to such Participant 
or Beneficiary under the Retirement Plan if the provisions of the 
Retirement Plan were administered without regard to the Limitations; and
 
  	(b) 	  	is the benefit, if any, that is in fact payable to such 
Participant or Beneficiary under the Retirement Plan.

Benefits determined under this Section 5.01 shall be computed by the 
Actuary in accordance with the foregoing and with the objective that such 
recipient should receive under the Plan and the Retirement Plan that total 
aggregate amount which would have been payable to that recipient solely 
under the Retirement Plan but without regard to imposition of the 
Limitations. The benefits provided under this Plan shall be subject to the 
same vesting schedule that applies to the Participant under the Retirement 
Plan, and he shall thus vest hereunder on the same terms as provided in the 
Retirement Plan but subject to Schedule A.

     5.02 Supplemental Benefits. In the case of a Participant who would 
have been entitled to supplemental benefits under the Retirement Plan but 
for the fact that his compensation for the calendar year ending December 
31, 2002 exceeded the $200,000 limit under the terms of the Retirement 
Plan, such Participant shall be entitled to a

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

supplemental benefit under this Plan as determined in accordance with the 
formula described in this Section 5.02.

     If the Employment of a Participant is terminated and (1) such 
termination is designated by the Employer, in its sole discretion, as being 
part of a “reduction in force program,” (2) the Participant’s designated 
termination date occurs on or after July 31, 2003 and on or before December 
31, 2003, and (3) as of the designated termination date, the Participant 
had attained the age of 45, completed 5 or more years of Vesting Service 
(as defined in the Retirement Plan) and the sum of the Participant’s age 
and Vesting Service equals or exceeds 60, such Participant will qualify for 
an early retirement benefit under the Retirement Plan commencing as of his 
Normal Retirement Date (as defined in the Retirement Plan) or as of the 
first day of the first month coinciding with or next following the date he 
attains the age of 55 or the first date of any subsequent month pursuant to 
the terms of the Retirement Plan, reduced as described under the Retirement 
Plan. Such Participant’s Annuity Starting Date (as defined in the 
Retirement Plan) shall be as described under the Retirement Plan. A 
Participant who satisfied the conditions in clauses (1), (2), and (3) of 
the previous sentence shall not be eligible for the supplemental benefit 
under the Retirement Plan if his compensation for the calendar year ending 
December 31, 2002 exceeded the $200,000 limit under the terms of the 
Retirement Plan, and thus such Participant shall receive the Actuarial 
Equivalent of such supplemental benefits under this Plan in the manner, and 
at the time, as prescribed in Article VI.

     5.03 Other Supplemental Benefits. Upon Separation from Service, the 
Company shall pay or cause to be paid to such Participant (or his 
Beneficiary) other supplemental benefits as determined by the Directors and 
contained in any other Employer-provided plan or program or in the 
Participant’s employment contract or other agreement with the Employer; 
provided that such supplemental benefits for each Participant entitled to 
such other supplemental benefits are set forth on Schedule A attached and 
incorporated into this Plan for all purposes (which may be amended or 
supplemented from time to time), including the amount, type, and terms and 
conditions of such other supplemental benefits. Other supplemental benefits 
under this Section 5.03 shall be vested and nonforfeitable to the extent 
provided in the applicable Employer-paid plan or program, the Participant’s 
employment contract or other agreement with the Employer, or as set forth 
on Schedule A to the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 5.03 
shall not be construed to provide duplicate other supplemental benefits 
under the Plan, or under any such applicable Employer-provided plan or 
program, or the Participant’s employment contract or other agreement with 
the Employer, or as set forth on Schedule A to the Plan, to or on behalf of 
any Participant or Beneficiary.


Article VI
Payment of Benefits

     6.01 Lump Sum Benefit. Subject to Sections 6.02 and 6.03, the form of 
the benefits payable under Article V shall be a cash lump sum payment that 
is made within ninety (90) days after the date of the Participant’s 
Separation from Service.

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     6.02 Payment Under Retirement Plan Before 2009. If a Participant (a) 
incurs a Separation from Service after December 31, 2004 and (b) receives 
or commences receipt of any pension benefits payment under the Retirement 
Plan at any time before January 1, 2009, such Participant (or his 
Beneficiary) shall receive his benefits under this Plan in a cash lump sum 
payment that is made within ninety (90) days from the date that benefits 
are paid, or commence to be paid, under the terms of the Retirement Plan. 
If a Participant (a) incurs a Separation from Service after December 31, 
2004 and (b) does not receive or commence receipt of any pension benefits 
payment under the Retirement Plan at any time before January 1, 2009, such 
Participant (or his Beneficiary) shall receive his benefits under this Plan 
in a cash lump sum payment that is made within ninety (90) days after 
December 31, 2008.If a Participant incurs a Separation from Service before 
January 1, 2005, such Participant (or his Beneficiary) shall receive his 
benefits under this Plan in a cash lump sum payment within ninety (90) days 
from the date that benefits are paid, or commence to be paid, under the 
terms of the Retirement Plan, regardless of whether or not such benefits 
are paid, or commence to be paid, under the Retirement Plan before January 
1, 2009.

     6.03 Specified Employees. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the 
contrary, if the payment of any benefit under this Article VI would be 
subject to taxation under Code Section 409A because the timing of such 
payment is not delayed to the extent required under Code Section 409A for a 
Specified Employee upon his Separation from Service, then if the 
Participant is a Specified Employee, any such payment that the Participant 
would otherwise be entitled to receive during the first six (6) months 
following his Separation from Service shall be accumulated and paid, within 
ninety (90) days after the date that is six months following the date of 
his Separation from Service, or such earlier date upon which such amount 
can be paid or provided under Code Section 409A without being subject to 
such additional taxes and interest such as, for example, due to the death 
of Participant.


Article VII
Participant’s Rights and Nature of Plan

     Benefits payable under the Plan shall be a general, unsecured 
obligation of the Company to be paid by the Company from its own general 
assets, and such payments shall not (a) impose any obligation upon the 
Retirement Plan; (b) be paid by the Retirement Plan; or (c) have any effect 
whatsoever upon the Retirement Plan or the payment of benefits under the 
Retirement Plan. No Participant or his Beneficiary shall have any title to 
or beneficial ownership in any assets which the Company may earmark to pay 
benefits hereunder.

     No amounts in respect of such benefits are required to be set aside or 
held in trust, and no recipient of any benefits shall have any right to 
have the benefit paid out of any particular assets of the Company; 
provided, however, nothing herein shall be construed to prevent a transfer 
of funds to a grantor trust (pursuant to applicable Code provisions) for 
the purpose of paying any benefits under this Plan. Any grantor trust 
established by the Company for benefits under this Plan shall be subject to 
the claims of the Company’s general and unsecured creditors in the event 
that the Company becomes insolvent. The

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Company intends that any such grantor trust shall constitute an unfunded 
arrangement and thus not affect, in any way, the status of this Plan as an 
unfunded plan that is maintained to provide deferred compensation for a 
select group of management or highly compensated employees for purposes of 
Title I of the Act.


Article VIII
Amendment and Discontinuance

     The Directors or Committee may, in their absolute discretion, from 
time to time, amend, suspend or terminate in whole or in part, and if 
terminated, reinstate any or all of the provisions of this Plan, except 
that no amendment, suspension or termination may apply so as to reduce the 
payment to any Participant (or Beneficiary) of any benefit under this Plan 
that was earned and accrued prior to the effective date of such amendment, 
suspension or termination, unless the particular Participant (or 
Beneficiary) consents to such reduction in writing.

     Notwithstanding the immediately preceding paragraph, the Plan may be 
amended by the Directors or the Committee at any time if required to ensure 
that the Plan is characterized as a “top-hat plan” of deferred compensation 
maintained for a select group of management or highly compensated employees 
as described in Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3), and 401(a)(1) of the Act, or 
the requirements of the Code for nonqualified deferred compensation plans 
including Code Section 409A. No such amendment for this exclusive purpose 
shall be considered prejudicial to the interest of a Participant or a 
Beneficiary hereunder.

     Upon termination of the Plan, distribution of benefits shall be made 
to Participants and Beneficiaries, as applicable, in the manner and at the 
time described in the Plan, unless one of the following termination events 
occurs, in which case, all such amounts shall be distributed in a lump sum 
upon termination, or upon the earliest date allowable under Code Section 
409A: (1) the Company’s termination and liquidation of the Plan within 
twelve (12) months of a corporate dissolution taxed under Code Section 331, 
or with the approval of a bankruptcy court pursuant to 11 U.S.C. Section 
503(b)(1)(A); (2) the Company’s termination and liquidation of the Plan 
pursuant to irrevocable action taken by the Company within the thirty (30) 
days preceding or twelve (12) months following a change in control event 
(within the meaning of Code Section 409A), provided that all agreements, 
methods, programs, and other arrangements sponsored by the Company that are 
aggregated under Code Section 409A are terminated and liquidated with 
respect to each Participant or Beneficiary who experiences the change in 
control event; or (3) the Company’s termination and liquidation of the 
Plan, provided that (a) the termination and liquidation does not occur 
proximate to a downturn in the financial health of the Company, (b) the 
Company terminates and liquidates all agreements, methods, programs, and 
other arrangements sponsored by the Company that would be aggregated under 
Code Section 409A if the same Participant had deferrals of compensation 
under all of the agreements, methods, programs, and other arrangements 
sponsored by the Company that are terminated and liquidated, (c) no 
payments in liquidation of the Plan are made within twelve (12) months of 
the date the Company takes all necessary action to irrevocably terminate 
and liquidate the Plan other than

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

payments that would have been payable absent the termination and 
liquidation, and (d) the Company does not adopt a new plan that would be 
aggregated with any terminated and liquidated plan under Code Section 409A 
if the same Participant participated in both plans, at any time within 
three (3) years following the date the Company takes all necessary action 
to irrevocably terminate and liquidate the Plan.


Article IX
Claims Procedure

     9.01 Filing a Claim. A Participant or his authorized representative 
may file a claim for benefits under the Plan (hereafter, referred to as a “
Claimant”). Any claim must be in writing and submitted to the Committee at 
such address as may be specified from time to time. Claimants will be 
notified in writing of approved claims, which will be processed as claimed. 
A claim is considered approved only if its approval is communicated in 
writing to the Claimant.

     9.02 Denial of Claim. In the case of the denial of a claim respecting 
benefits paid or payable with respect to a Participant, a written notice 
will be furnished to the Claimant within 90 days of the date on which the 
claim is received by the Committee. If special circumstances (such as for a 
hearing) require a longer period, the Claimant will be notified in writing, 
prior to the expiration of the 90-day period, of the reasons for an 
extension of time; provided, however, that no extensions will be permitted 
beyond 90 days after the expiration of the initial 90-day period.

     9.03 Reasons for Denial. A denial or partial denial of a claim will be 
dated and signed by the Committee and will clearly set forth:

          (a) the specific reason or reasons for the denial;

          (b) specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which the 
denial is based;

          (c) a description of any additional material or information 
necessary for the Claimant to perfect the claim and an explanation of why 
such material or information is necessary; and

          (d) an explanation of the procedure for review of the denied or 
partially denied claim set forth below, including the claimant’s right to 
bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of the Act following an adverse 
benefit determination on review.

     9.04 Review of Denial. Upon denial of a claim, in whole or in part, 
the Claimant or his duly authorized representative will have the right to 
submit a written request to the Committee for a full and fair review of the 
denied claim by filing a written notice of appeal with the Committee within 
60 days of the receipt by the Claimant of written notice of the denial of 
the claim. A Claimant or the Claimant’s authorized representative will 
have, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, 
all documents, records, and other information relevant to the Claimant’s 
claim for benefits and may submit issues and comments in writing. The 
review will take into

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

account all comments, documents, records, and other information submitted 
by the Claimant relating to the claim, without regard to whether such 
information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit 
determination.

     If the Claimant fails to file a request for review within 60 days of 
the denial notification, the claim will be deemed abandoned and the 
Claimant precluded from reasserting it. If the Claimant does file a request 
for review, his request must include a description of the issues and 
evidence he deems relevant. Failure to raise issues or present evidence on 
review will preclude those issues or evidence from being presented in any 
subsequent proceeding or judicial review of the claim.

     9.05 Decision Upon Review. The Committee will provide a prompt written 
decision on review to the Claimant. If the claim is denied on review, the 
decision shall set forth:

          (a) the specific reason or reasons for the adverse determination;

          (b) specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on which the 
adverse determination is based;

          (c) a statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon 
request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all 
documents, records, and other information relevant to the Claimant’s claim 
for benefits; and

          (d) a statement describing any voluntary appeal procedures 
offered by the Plan and the Claimant’s right to obtain the information 
about such procedures, as well as a statement of the Claimant’s right to 
bring an action under Section 502(a) of the Act.

     A decision will be rendered no more than 60 days after the Committee’s 
receipt of the request for review, except that such period may be extended 
for an additional 60 days if the Committee determines that special 
circumstances (such as for a hearing) require such extension. If an 
extension of time is required, written notice of the extension will be 
furnished to the Claimant before the end of the initial 60-day period.

     To the extent of its responsibility to review the denial of benefit 
claims, the Committee will have full authority to interpret and apply in 
its discretion the provisions of the Plan. The decision of the Committee 
will be final and binding upon any and all Claimants, including, but not 
limited to, the Participant and any other individual making a claim through 
him.

     9.06 Other Procedures. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee 
may, in its discretion, adopt different procedures for different claims 
without being bound by past actions. Any procedures adopted, however, shall 
be designed to afford a Claimant a full and fair review of his claim and 
shall comply with applicable regulations under the Act.

     9.07 Finality of Determinations; Exhaustion of Remedies. To the extent 
permitted by law, decisions reached under the claims procedures set forth 
in this Article IX shall be final and binding on all parties. No legal 
action for benefits under the

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Plan shall be brought unless and until the Claimant has exhausted his 
remedies under this Section. In any such legal action, the Claimant may 
only present evidence and theories which the Claimant presented during the 
claims procedure. Any claims which the Claimant does not in good faith 
pursue through the review stage of the procedure shall be treated as having 
been irrevocably waived. Judicial review of a Claimant’s denied claim shall 
be limited to a determination of whether the denial was an abuse of 
discretion based on the evidence and theories the Claimant presented during 
the claims procedure. Any suit or legal action initiated by a Claimant 
under the Plan must be brought by the Claimant no later than one year 
following a final decision on the claim for benefits by the Committee. The 
one-year limitation on suits for benefits will apply in any forum where a 
Claimant initiates such suit or legal action.

     9.08 Effect of Committee Action. The Plan shall be interpreted by the 
Committee in accordance with the terms of the Plan and their intended 
meanings. However, the Committee shall have the discretion to make any 
findings of fact needed in the administration of the Plan, and shall have 
the discretion to interpret or construe ambiguous, unclear or implied (but 
omitted) terms in any fashion they deem to be appropriate in their sole 
judgment. The validity of any such finding of fact, interpretation, 
construction or decision shall not be given de novo review if challenged in 
court, by arbitration or in any other forum, and shall be upheld unless 
clearly arbitrary or capricious. To the extent the Committee has been 
granted discretionary authority under the Plan, the Committee’s prior 
exercise of such authority shall not obligate it to exercise its authority 
in a like fashion thereafter. If, due to errors in drafting, any Plan 
provision does not accurately reflect its intended meaning, as demonstrated 
by consistent interpretations or other evidence of intent, or as determined 
by the Committee in it sole and exclusive judgment, the provision shall be 
considered ambiguous and shall be interpreted by the Committee in a fashion 
consistent with its intent, as determined by the Committee in its sole 
discretion. The Committee may amend the Plan retroactively to cure any such 
ambiguity. This Section 9.08 may not be invoked by any person to require 
the Plan to be interpreted in a manner which is inconsistent with its 
interpretation by the Committee. All actions taken and all determinations 
made in good faith by the Committee shall be final and binding upon all 
persons claiming any interest in or under the Plan.


Article X
Miscellaneous

     10.01 Construction. The Plan is (a) an unfunded plan which is not 
intended to meet the qualification requirements of Code Section 401(a), and 
(b) designed to provide benefits to Participants after the Limitations are 
exceeded. All terms and provisions of the Plan shall be construed and 
constructed in accordance with such intent.

     10.02 Powers of the Company. The existence of outstanding and unpaid 
benefits under the Plan shall not affect in any way the right or power of 
the Employer to make or authorize any adjustments, recapitalization, 
reorganization or other changes in the Employer’s capital structure or in 
its business, or any merger or consolidation of the Employer, or any issue 
of bonds, debentures, common or preferred stock, or the

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

dissolution or liquidation of the Employer, or any sale or transfer of all 
or any part of their assets or business, or any other act or corporate 
proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise.

     10.03 Beneficiary Designations. The Beneficiary designation for a 
Participant shall be the same as his Beneficiary designation under the 
Retirement Plan. If no valid Beneficiary designation exists at the time of 
the Participant’s death under the Retirement Plan, then the designation of 
a Beneficiary will follow the default provisions of the Retirement Plan if 
the Participant is a participant in the Retirement Plan at the time of his 
death.

     In the event an Eligible Employee, upon becoming a Participant, is not 
a participant in the Retirement Plan, he may file with the Committee (or 
its delegate) a designation of one or more Beneficiaries to whom benefits 
otherwise payable to the Participant shall be made prior to the complete 
distribution of his benefits under the Plan. Such a Beneficiary designation 
shall be on the form prescribed by the Committee and shall be effective 
when received and accepted by the Committee. A Participant who is not a 
participant in the Retirement Plan may, from time to time, revoke or change 
his Beneficiary designation by filing a new designation form with the 
Committee. The last valid designation received by the Committee shall be 
controlling; provided, however, that no Beneficiary designation, or change 
or revocation thereof, shall be effective unless received prior to the 
Participant’s death, and shall not be effective as of a date prior to its 
receipt or if the Participant is a participant in the Retirement Plan at 
the time of his death..

     If no valid Beneficiary designation exists at the time of the 
Participant’s death under the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.03 
or if no designated Beneficiary under this Plan survives the Participant, 
or if such designation conflicts with applicable law, benefits shall be 
paid to the Participant’s surviving lawful spouse, if any. If there is no 
surviving spouse, then payment of benefits shall be made to the executor or 
administrator of the Participant’s estate, or if there is no administration 
on Participant’s estate, in accordance with the laws of descent and 
distribution. If the Committee is in doubt as to the right of any person to 
receive such amount, it may direct that the amount be paid into any court 
of competent jurisdiction in an interpleader action, and such payment shall 
be a full and complete discharge of any liability or obligation under the 
Plan to the full extent of such payment.

     10.04 Limitation of Rights. Nothing in this Plan shall be construed 
to:

          (a) Give any individual who is an Employee any right to be a 
Participant unless and until such person has been designated as such by the 
Committee;

          (b) Give any Participant any rights, other than as an unsecured 
general creditor of the Employer, with respect to any benefits accrued 
under the Plan until such amounts are actually distributed to him;

          (c) Limit in any way the right of the Employer to terminate a 
Participant’s Employment with the Employer;

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (d) Give a Participant or any other person any interest in any 
fund or in any specific asset of the Employer;

          (e) Give a Participant or any other person any interests or 
rights other than those of an unsecured general creditor of the Employer;

          (f) Be evidence of any agreement or understanding, express or 
implied, that the Employer will employ a Participant in any particular 
position, at any particular rate of remuneration, or for any particular 
time period; or

          (g) Create a fiduciary relationship between the Participant and 
the Directors Employer and/or Committee.

     10.05 Distribution due to Qualified Domestic Relations Order. A 
distribution may be allowed for a “qualified domestic relations order” (“
QDRO”) as described in Code Section 414(p). The Committee shall establish 
procedures to determine whether any domestic relations order submitted to 
the Committee is a QDRO and to administer distributions under any valid 
QDROs. If the Committee, in its discretion, determines a domestic relations 
order to be a QDRO, the Committee shall direct payment hereunder as it 
deems necessary to comply with such QDRO.

     10.06 Nonalienation of Benefits. No right or benefit under this Plan 
shall be subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, assignment, pledge, 
encumbrance, or charge, and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, 
assign, pledge, encumber, or charge the same will be void and without 
effect. No right or benefit hereunder shall in any manner be liable for or 
subject to any debts, contracts, liabilities or torts of the person 
entitled to such benefits. The previous sentence shall not preclude (a) the 
Participant from designating a Beneficiary to receive any benefit payable 
hereunder upon his death or (b) the executors, administrators, or other 
legal representatives of the Participant or his estate from assigning any 
rights hereunder to the person or persons entitled thereto.

     10.07 Facility of Payments. If the Committee determines that any 
person entitled to payment under the Plan is physically or mentally 
incompetent to receive such payment, the Committee shall direct the payment 
to the legal guardian or other personal representative of such person for 
the use and benefit of such person. If the Committee for any reason is 
unable to determine with reasonable certainty the proper person to pay 
pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, the Committee may direct 
that any amounts due hereunder be paid into a court of competent 
jurisdiction in an interpleader proceeding for purposes of being directed 
by such court as to the proper disposition of such amounts. Any such 
payment shall be a full and complete discharge of any liability or 
obligation under the Plan.

     10.08 Withholding of Taxes. Participant hereby acknowledges and agrees 
that, as a result of any (a) deferral under this Plan or (b) payment 
received under this Plan, the Participant is solely responsible for any and 
all (i) federal, state and local income taxes and (ii) FICA and Medicare 
taxes ordinarily paid by Participant as an Employee. The Employer is hereby 
authorized to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

applicable withholding taxes and to take such other action as may be 
necessary or desirable, in the opinion of the Employer, to satisfy all 
obligations for the withholding and payment of such taxes.

     10.09 Adoption of Plan by Affiliated Entity. Any Affiliated Entity may 
adopt the Plan with the consent of the Directors or the Committee, 
effective as of the date specified therein. Any Employer, other than the 
Company, which has adopted the Plan shall not be responsible for the 
administration of the Plan.

     10.10 Waiver. No term or condition of this Plan shall be deemed to 
have been waived, nor shall there be an estoppel against the enforcement of 
any provision of this Plan, except by written instrument of the party 
charged with such waiver or estoppel. No such written waiver shall be 
deemed a continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each 
such waiver shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived 
and shall not constitute a waiver of such term or condition for the future 
or as to any act other than that specifically waived.

     10.11 Notice. Any notice required or permitted to be given under this 
Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and delivered via telecopier, 
messenger, or courier with appropriate proof of receipt, or sent by U.S. 
registered or certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, to 
the appropriate person or entity at the address last furnished by such 
person or entity. Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of 
delivery to the recipient or, if delivery is made by U.S. mail, as of the 
date shown on the receipt for registration or certification.

     10.12 Severability. In the event that any provision of the Plan is 
declared invalid in a final decree or order issued by a court of competent 
jurisdiction, such declaration shall not affect the validity of the other 
provisions of the Plan which shall remain in full force and effect.

     10.13 Gender, Tense and Headings. Whenever the context requires, words 
of the masculine gender used herein shall include the feminine and neuter, 
and words used in the singular shall include the plural. The words 
“hereof,” “hereunder,” “herein,” and similar compounds of the word “here” 
shall refer to the entire Plan and not to any particular term or provision 
of the Plan. Headings of Articles and Sections, as used herein, are 
inserted solely for convenience and reference and shall not affect the 
meaning, interpretation or scope of the Plan.

     10.14 Governing Law. The Plan shall be subject to and governed by the 
laws of the State of Texas (other than its laws relating to choice of 
laws), except to the extent preempted by ERISA, the Code or other 
controlling federal law.


[Signature page follows.]

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Anadarko Petroleum Corporation has caused this 
amended and restated Plan to be adopted and executed by its duly authorized 
officer, on this 13th day of November, 2007, to be effective as of November 
7, 2007.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ANADARKO PETROLEUM CORPORATION 	  	  	  	ATTEST:
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
By:
  	/s/ Preston Johnson, Jr. 	  	  	  	By: 	  	/s/ Lynn V. Moffett
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Name:
  	Preston Johnson, Jr. 	  	  	  	Name: 	  	Lynn V. Moffett
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Title:
  	VP 	  	  	  	Title: 	  	HR Advisor
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


Anadarko Retirement Restoration Plan


Schedule A

This Schedule A forms a part of the Anadarko Retirement Restoration Plan, 
as amended from time to time (the “Plan”). The provisions of this Schedule 
A shall apply only to those Participants who are named herewith.

Supplemental Benefits for Robert K. Reeves

Plan Supplemental Benefit

If Mr. Reeves remains employed by the Company at least until December 12, 
2012 (attainment of age 55), then the benefit payable, as described in 
Section 5.01 of the Plan, shall be determined such that his aggregate 
benefits under the Retirement Plan and the Plan, and any successors thereto 
(collectively, the “Pension Plans”), are equal to the aggregate benefits to 
which he would have been entitled under the Pension Plans, if his years of 
Credited Service (as such term is defined in the Retirement Plan) with the 
Company (but not his age) were increased by five (“Retiree Supplemental 
Benefit”). The Retiree Supplemental Benefit payable under this paragraph 
shall be paid at the same time or times as Mr. Reeves’ benefit under the 
Plan.

Retiree Medical and Dental Supplemental Benefit

If Mr. Reeves remains employed by the Company at least until December 12, 
2012 (attainment of age 55), then Mr. Reeves’ benefits under the Company’s 
retiree medical and dental plans shall be determined as if his years of 
service with the Company were increased by five (“Medical Supplemental 
Benefit”). Upon his Separation from Service, he will be entitled to receive 
a lump sum payment under the Plan with the present value being computed by 
discounting to Mr. Reeves’ date of termination, the projected Company paid 
retiree medical and dental premiums from his date of termination through 
December 12, 2022 (attainment of age 65), (i.e., the value of the Company 
subsidized portion of retiree medical and dental benefits) using a discount 
rate that is equivalent to the interest rate used to determine lump sum 
distributions under the Plan. For purposes of the aforementioned present 
value calculation, such calculation shall be performed by an accredited and 
certified actuarial firm, as designated by the Company. The Medical 
Supplemental Benefit payable under this paragraph shall be paid at the same 
time or times as Mr. Reeves’ benefit under the Plan.

If, at the time of Mr. Reeves’ termination of employment, the Company no 
longer provides subsidized pre-65 retiree medical and dental benefits, then 
the aforementioned lump sum payment will not be made. If, at the time of 
Mr. Reeves’ termination of employment, Mr. Reeves is otherwise eligible for 
subsidized retiree medical and dental benefits, then the aforementioned 
lump sum payment will not be made.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

For purposes of this Schedule A, the additional years of service provided 
under the previous two paragraphs are, collectively, referred to as the 
“Special Service Credit.”

Application of “Special Service Credit” due to Death, Disability or 
Termination Without Cause

If Mr. Reeves’ employment with the Company is terminated due to death, 
disability or without cause prior to December 12, 2012, then the Special 
Service Credit shall not be applicable. However, in the case of disability, 
the Special Service Credit shall be applicable, if on December 12, 2012, 
Mr. Reeves is accruing disability benefits under the Retirement Plan.

Application of “Special Service Credit” upon a Change of Control

If Mr. Reeves’ employment with the Company is terminated due to a Change of 
Control (“COC”), as defined in Mr. Reeves’ Key Employee Change of Control 
Contract (the “COC Contract”), then the Special Service Credit shall be 
applied as follows:

• 	  	If a termination of employment due to a COC occurs before December 
12, 2012, then the benefit payable, as described in Section 5.01 of the 
Plan, shall be determined such that his aggregate benefits under the 
Pension Plans is equal to the aggregate benefits to which he would have 
been entitled under the Pension Plans, if his years of Credited Service (as 
such term is defined in the Retirement Plan) with the Company (but not his 
age) were increased by two.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Supplemental Benefits for Robert A. Walker, Jr.

Plan Supplemental Benefit

If Mr. Walker remains employed by the Company at least until February 20, 
2012 (attainment of age 55), then the benefit payable, as described in 
Section 5.01 of the Plan, shall be determined such that his aggregate 
benefits under the Retirement Plan and the Plan, and any successors thereto 
(collectively, the “Pension Plans”), are equal to the aggregate benefits to 
which he would have been entitled under the Pension Plans, if his years of 
Credited Service (as such term is defined in the Retirement Plan) with the 
Company (but not his age) were increased by eight (“Retiree Supplemental 
Benefit”). The Retiree Supplemental Benefit payable under this paragraph 
shall be paid at the same time or times as Mr. Walker’s benefit under the 
Plan.

Retiree Medical and Dental Supplemental Benefit

If Mr. Walker remains employed by the Company at least until February 20, 
2012 (attainment of age 55), then Mr. Walker’s benefits under the Company’s 
retiree medical and dental plans shall be determined as if his years of 
service with the Company were increased by eight (“Medical Supplemental 
Benefit”). Upon his Separation from Service, he will be entitled to receive 
a lump sum payment under the Plan with the present value being computed by 
discounting to Mr. Walker’s date of termination, the projected Company paid 
retiree medical and dental premiums from his date of termination through 
February 20, 2022 (attainment of age 65) (i.e., the value of the Company 
subsidized portion of retiree medical and dental benefits) using a discount 
rate that is equivalent to the interest rate used to determine lump sum 
distributions under the Plan. For purposes of the aforementioned present 
value calculation, such calculation shall be performed by an accredited and 
certified actuarial firm, as designated by the Company. The Medical 
Supplemental Benefit payable under this paragraph shall be paid at the same 
time or times as Mr. Walker’s benefit under the Plan.

If, at the time of Mr. Walker’s termination of employment, the Company no 
longer provides subsidized pre-65 retiree medical and dental benefits, then 
the aforementioned lump sum payment will not be made. If, at the time of 
Mr. Walker’s termination of employment, Mr. Walker is otherwise eligible 
for subsidized retiree medical and dental benefits, then the aforementioned 
lump sum payment will not be made.

For purposes of this Schedule A, the additional years of service provided 
under this Schedule A are, collectively, referred to as the “Special 
Service Credit.”

Application of “Special Service Credit” due to Death, Disability or 
Termination Without Cause

If Mr. Walker’s employment with the Company is terminated due to death, 
disability or without cause prior to February 20, 2012, then the Special 
Service Credit shall not be applicable. However, in the case of disability, 
the Special Service Credit shall be

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

applicable, if on February 20, 2012, Mr. Walker is accruing disability 
benefits under the Retirement Plan.

Application of “Special Service Credit” upon a Change of Control

If Mr. Walker’s employment with the Company is terminated due to a Change 
of Control (“COC”), as defined in Mr. Walker’s Key Employee Change of 
Control Contract (the “COC Contract”), then the Special Service Credit 
shall be applied as follows:

• 	  	If a termination of employment due to a COC occurs before February 
20, 2012, then the benefit payable, as described in Section 5.01 of the 
Plan, shall be determined such that his aggregate benefits under the 
Pension Plans is equal to the aggregate benefits to which he would have 
been entitled under the Pension Plans, if his years of Credited Service (as 
such term is defined under the Retirement Plan) with the Company (but not 
his age) were increased by five.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Supplemental Benefits for James T. Hackett

Retiree Medical and Dental Supplemental Benefit

If Mr. Hackett remains employed by the Company at least until December 3, 
2008, then the Special Pension Service Crediting under section 3.4 of Mr. 
Hackett’s Employment Agreement, dated December 11, 2006, shall be applied 
toward determining Mr. Hackett’s eligibility for benefits under the 
Company’s retiree medical and dental plans (“Medical Supplemental 
Benefit”). Upon his Separation from Service, he will be entitled to receive 
a lump sum payment under the Plan with the present value being computed by 
discounting to Mr. Hackett’s date of termination, the projected Company 
paid retiree medical and dental premiums from his date of termination 
through February 3, 2019 (attainment of age 65), (i.e., the value of the 
Company subsidized portion of retiree medical and dental benefits) using a 
discount rate that is equivalent to the interest rate used to determine 
lump sum distributions under the Plan. For purposes of the aforementioned 
present value calculation, such calculation shall be performed by an 
accredited and certified actuarial firm, as designated by the Company. The 
Medical Supplemental Benefit payable under this paragraph shall be paid at 
the same time or times as Mr. Hackett’s benefit under the Plan.

If, at the time of Mr. Hackett’s termination of employment, the Company no 
longer provides subsidized pre-65 retiree medical and dental benefits, then 
the aforementioned lump sum payment will not be made. If, at the time of 
Mr. Hackett’s termination of employment, Mr. Hackett is otherwise eligible 
for subsidized retiree medical and dental benefits, then the aforementioned 
lump sum payment will not be made.

For purposes of this Schedule A, the additional years of service above is 
referred to as the “Special Service Credit.”

Application of “Special Service Credit” — Termination of Employment Prior 
to December 3, 2008

If Mr. Hackett’s employment with the Company is terminated due to death, 
disability, voluntary resignation or termination for cause prior to 
December 3, 2008, then the Special Service Credit shall not be applicable. 
However, in the case of disability, the Special Service Credit shall be 
applicable, if on December 3, 2008, Mr. Hackett is accruing disability 
benefits under the Retirement Plan. If Mr. Hackett’s employment with the 
Company is terminated due to Good Reason or Without Cause (as defined in 
Mr. Hackett’s Employment Agreement), then the Special Service Credit shall 
be applicable.

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Application of “Special Service Credit” — Termination of Employment on or 
after December 3, 2008

In all termination scenarios, the Special Service Credit shall be 
applicable, except in the case of Mr. Hackett’s voluntary resignation of 
employment or a termination for cause prior to February 3, 2009 (attainment 
of age 55).

Application of “Special Service Credit” upon a Change of Control

If Mr. Hackett’s employment with the Company is terminated due to a Change 
of Control (“COC”), as defined in Mr. Hackett’s Employment Agreement, then 
the Special Service Credit shall be applicable.

6