 EX-10.3G 4 dex103g.htm FORM OF SUPPLEMENT NO. 7 TO THE GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.3g


SUPPLEMENT NO. 7 dated as of July 26, 2007, to the Guarantee Agreement 
dated as of February 6, 2006 among CRC HEALTH GROUP, INC. (“Holdings”), CRC 
HEALTH CORPORATION, the Subsidiaries of the Borrower (as defined below) 
identified herein and CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent.


A. Reference is made to the Credit Agreement dated as of February 6, 2006; 
as amended and restated as of November 17, 2006 (and as further amended, 
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit 
Agreement”), among CRC Health Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
(“Holdings”), CRC Health Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“Borrower), 
the Guarantors party thereto (collectively, the “Guarantors”), Citibank, 
N.A., as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C 
Issuer, each Lender from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A., as Syndication Agent, and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith 
Incorporated, as Documentation Agent.


B. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall 
have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement and the 
Guarantee Agreement referred to therein.


C. The Guarantors have entered into the Guarantee Agreement in order to 
induce the Lenders to make Loans and the L/C Issuers to issue Letters of 
Credit. Section 4.14 of the Guarantee Agreement provides that additional 
Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower may become Subsidiary Parties under 
the Guarantee Agreement by execution and delivery of an instrument in the 
form of this Supplement. The undersigned Restricted Subsidiaries (each a “
New Subsidiary” and together, the “New Subsidiaries”) are executing this 
Supplement in accordance with the requirements of the Credit Agreement to 
become a Subsidiary Party under the Guarantee Agreement in order to induce 
the Lenders to make additional Loans and the L/C Issuers to issue 
additional Letters of Credit and as consideration for Loans previously made 
and Letters of Credit previously issued.


Accordingly, the Administrative Agent and each New Subsidiary agree as 
follows:

SECTION 1. In accordance with Section 4.14 of the Guarantee Agreement, each 
New Subsidiary by its signature below becomes a Subsidiary Party (and 
accordingly, becomes a Guarantor) and Guarantor under the Guarantee 
Agreement with the same force and effect as if originally named therein as 
a Subsidiary Party and such New Subsidiary hereby (a) agrees to all the 
terms and provisions of the Guarantee Agreement applicable to it as a 
Subsidiary Party and Guarantor thereunder and (b) represents and warrants 
that the representations and warranties made by it as a Guarantor 
thereunder are true and correct on and as of the date hereof. Each 
reference to a “Guarantor” in the Security Agreement shall be deemed to 
include the New Subsidiaries. The Guarantee Agreement is hereby 
incorporated herein by reference.


SECTION 2. Each New Subsidiary represents and warrants to the 
Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties that this Supplement has 
been duly authorized, executed and delivered by it and constitutes its 
legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance 
with its terms.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3. This Supplement may be executed in counterparts (and by 
different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall 
constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall 
constitute a single contract. This Supplement shall become effective when 
the Administrative Agent shall have received a counterpart of this 
Supplement that bears the signature of each New Subsidiary and the 
Administrative Agent has executed a counterpart hereof. Delivery of an 
executed signature page to this Supplement by facsimile transmission shall 
be as effective as delivery of a manually signed counterpart of this 
Supplement.


SECTION 4. Except as expressly supplemented hereby, the Guarantee Agreement 
shall remain in full force and effect.


SECTION 5. THIS SUPPLEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.


SECTION 6. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in this 
Supplement should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, 
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions 
contained herein and in the Guarantee Agreement shall not in any way be 
affected or impaired thereby (it being understood that the invalidity of a 
particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not in and of 
itself affect the validity of such provision in any other jurisdiction). 
The parties hereto shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the 
economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable provisions.


SECTION 7. All communications and notices hereunder shall be in writing and 
given as provided in Section 4.01 of the Guarantee Agreement.


SECTION 8. The New Subsidiaries agree to reimburse the Administrative Agent 
for its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with this 
Supplement, including the reasonable fees, other charges and disbursements 
of counsel for the Administrative Agent.


Signature Page to Supplement to Guarantee Agreement

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each New Subsidiary and the Administrative Agent have 
duly executed this Supplement to the Guarantee Agreement as of the day and 
year first above written.
 
BAYSIDE MARIN, LLC
By: 	  	

 
Name: 	  	Kevin Hogge
Title: 	  	Chief Financial Officer
CRC HEALTH MANAGEMENT, INC.
By: 	  	

 
Name: 	  	Kevin Hogge
Title: 	  	Chief Financial Officer
CRC WEIGHT MANAGEMENT, INC.
By: 	  	

 
Name: 	  	Kevin Hogge
Title: 	  	Chief Financial Officer
PHOENIX OUTDOOR, LLC
By: 	  	

 
Name: 	  	Kevin Hogge
Title: 	  	Chief Financial Officer
STRUCTURE HOUSE ACQUISITION, LLC
By: 	  	

 
Name: 	  	Kevin Hogge
Title: 	  	Chief Financial Officer


Signature Page to Supplement to Guarantee Agreement