 EX-10.10 8 a2178901zex-10_10.htm EXHIBIT 10.10

Exhibit 10.10

FORM OF CO-INVESTMENT SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

        This Co-Investment Securities Purchase Agreement (this "Agreement
"), dated as of            , 2007, is made and entered into by and between 
Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), 
and Thomas O. Hicks ("Buyer"). Buyer and the Company are collectively 
referred to herein as the "Parties."

RECITALS:

        WHEREAS, Buyer wishes to purchase from the Company 2,000,000 shares 
of the Company's Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the "Shares") 
and warrants, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, to purchase 
2,000,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock (the "Warrants" and, 
together with the Shares, the "Securities"); and

        WHEREAS, Buyer wishes to purchase the Securities from the Company 
and the Company wishes to sell the Securities to Buyer on the terms and 
subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

AGREEMENT:

        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, representations, 
warranties and the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for 
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt, sufficiency and 
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as 
follows:

ARTICLE I.
DEFINITIONS

        The terms defined in this ARTICLE I shall have for all purposes of 
this Agreement the respective meanings set forth below:

        "Business Combination" means a business combination with one or 
more target businesses that have an aggregate fair market value of at least 
80% of the initial amount held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount 
held in the trust account representing the underwriters' deferred 
commission).

        "Buyer" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this 
Agreement.

        "Closing" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3 of this 
Agreement.

        "Closing Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3 of this 
Agreement.

        "Common Stock" means the common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, 
of the Company.

        "Company" has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this 
Agreement.

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        "Consent" means any consent, approval, notification, waiver, or 
other similar action that is necessary or convenient.

        "Governmental Body" means any legislature, agency, bureau, branch, 
department, division, commission, court, tribunal or other similar 
reorganized organization or body of any federal, state, county, municipal, 
local or foreign government or other similar recognized organization or 
body exercising similar powers or authority.

        "Law" means any law (statutory, common or otherwise), constitution, 
ordinance, rule, regulation, executive order or other similar authority 
enacted, adopted, promulgated or applied by any Governmental Body.

        "Lien" means a mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, 
assignment, encumbrance, charge, restriction, lien (statutory or otherwise, 
including, without limitation, any lien for taxes), security interest, 
preference, participation interest, priority or security agreement or 
preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever, including, 
without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention 
agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic 
effect as any of the foregoing and the filing of any document under the law 
of any applicable jurisdiction to evidence any of the foregoing, other than 
(i) statutory, mechanics' or other Liens incurred in the Company's ordinary 
course of business or (ii) Liens for taxes incurred but not yet due.

        "Order" means an order, ruling, decision, award, judgment, 
injunction or other similar determination or finding by, before or under 
the supervision of any Governmental Body or arbitrator.

        "Parties" has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this 
Agreement.

        "Permit" means a permit, license, certificate, waiver, notice or 
similar authorization to which Buyer is a party or by which Buyer is bound 
or any of its assets are subject.

        "Purchase Price" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 of this 
Agreement.

        "Registration Rights Agreement" means the Registration Rights 
Agreement, dated as of            , 2007, among the Company,                
         and                         .

        "SEC" means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

        "Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, or any successor federal statute, and the applicable rules and 
regulations promulgated and in effect from time to time thereunder.

        "Securities" has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this 
Agreement.

        "Shares" has the meaning set forth in the recitals to this 
Agreement.

        "Sponsor" means HH-HACI, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        "Trust Account" means the trust account into which a portion of the 
net proceeds of the Company's initial public offering, pursuant to a 
Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 143747, filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, will be deposited.

        "Warrant" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this 
Agreement.

ARTICLE II
PURCHASE OF SECURITIES

        Section 2.1    Purchase and Sale of Securities.    Subject to the 
terms and conditions hereof and in reliance upon the representations and 
warranties of the parties contained or incorporated by reference herein, on 
the Closing Date, the Company shall sell and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer 
shall purchase from the Company, the Securities, in consideration of the 
payment of the Purchase Price noted herein.

        Section 2.2    Purchase Price.    As payment in full for the 
Securities being purchased under this Agreement and against delivery of the 
certificates therefor, on the Closing Date, Buyer shall pay $2,000,000 to 
the Company by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account 
specified by the Company to Buyer at least one business day prior to the 
Closing Date or by such other method as may be reasonably acceptable to the 
Company, (the "Purchase Price").

        Section 2.3    Closing.    The closing of the purchase and sale of 
the Securities (the "Closing") shall be held at the offices of Akin Gump 
Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP, 1700 Pacific Avenue, Suite 4100, Dallas, Texas 
75201, or such other place as may be agreed upon by the parties hereto, 
immediately prior to the closing of a Business Combination on the day on 
which the Business Combination closes (the "Closing Date").

        Section 2.4    Closing Deliveries.    All actions taken at the 
Closing shall be deemed to have been taken simultaneously.

              (a)    Buyer Deliveries.    At the Closing Buyer shall
      deliver to the Company the Purchase Price and counterpart signature
      pages to this Agreement executed by any Permitted Transferees
      pursuant to Section 5.1 hereof.

              (b)    Company Deliveries.    At the Closing, the Company
      shall deliver to Buyer the certificates representing the Securities.

        Section 2.5    Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of Buyer and 
the Company.    

              (a)   Each of Buyer's and the Company's obligation to
      consummate the Closing is subject to (i) the Company having entered
      into a definitive agreement relating to a Business Combination and
      (ii) a majority of the Company's stockholders must have approved such
      proposed Business Combination.

        Section 2.6    Further Assurances.    The parties hereto shall 
execute and deliver such additional documents and take such additional 
actions as any party reasonably may deem to be practical and necessary in 
order to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER

        Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that the statements 
contained in this ARTICLE III are correct and complete as of the date of 
this Agreement.

        Section 3.1    Investment Representations.    

              (a)   Buyer is an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule
      501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

              (b)   Buyer has received, has thoroughly read, is familiar
      with and understands the contents of this Agreement.

              (c)   Buyer hereby acknowledges that an investment in the
      Securities involves certain significant risks. Buyer acknowledges
      that there is a substantial risk that it will lose all or a portion
      of its investment and it is financially capable of bearing the risk
      of such investment for an indefinite period of time. Buyer has no
      need for liquidity in its investment in the Securities for the
      foreseeable future and is able to bear the risk of that investment
      for an indefinite period. Buyer understands that there presently is
      no public market for the Securities and none is anticipated to
      develop in the foreseeable future. Buyer's present financial
      condition is such that Buyer is under no present or contemplated
      future need to dispose of any portion of the Securities subscribed
      for hereby to satisfy any existing or contemplated undertaking, need
      or indebtedness. Buyer's overall commitment to investments which are
      not readily marketable is not disproportionate to its net worth and
      the investment in the Company will not cause such overall commitment
      to become excessive.

              (d)   Buyer acknowledges that the Securities have not been
      and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any state
      securities act, and are being sold on the basis of exemptions from
      registration under the Securities Act and applicable state securities
      acts, except those state securities acts that require registration of
      the Securities thereunder. Reliance on such exemptions, where
      applicable, is predicated in part on the accuracy of the Buyer's
      representations and warranties set forth herein. Buyer acknowledges
      and hereby agrees that the Securities will not be transferable under
      any circumstances unless Buyer either registers the Securities in
      accordance with federal and state securities laws or finds and
      complies with an exemption under such laws. Accordingly, Buyer hereby
      acknowledges that there can be no assurance that it will be able to
      liquidate its investment in the Company.

              (e)   There are substantial risk factors pertaining to an
      investment in the Company. Buyer acknowledges that it has read the
      information set forth above regarding certain of such risks and is
      familiar with the nature and scope of all such risks, including,
      without limitation, risks arising from the fact that the Company is
      an entity with limited operating history and financial resources; and
      Buyer is fully able to bear the economic risks of such investment for
      an indefinite period, and can afford a complete loss thereof.

              (f)    Buyer has been given the opportunity to (i) ask
      questions of and receive answers from the Company and its designated
      representatives concerning the terms and conditions of the offering,
      the Company and the business and financial condition of the

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Company and (ii) obtain any additional information that the Company
      possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that
      is necessary to assist Buyer in evaluating the advisability of the
      purchase of the Securities and an investment in the Company. Buyer
      further represents and warrants that, prior to signing this
      Agreement, it has asked such questions, received such answers and
      obtained such information as it has deemed necessary or advisable to
      evaluate the merits and risks of the purchase of the Securities and
      an investment in the Company. Buyer is not relying on any oral
      representation made by any person as to the Company or its
      operations, financial condition or prospects.

              (g)   Buyer understands that no federal, state or other
      governmental authority has made any recommendation, findings or
      determination relating to the merits of an investment in the Company.

ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

        Section 4.1    Organization and Good Standing.    The Company is a 
corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under 
the laws of the State of Delaware.

        Section 4.2    Power and Authority; Enforceability.    This 
Agreement constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of the 
Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms. The 
Company has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement 
and to perform its obligations hereunder. The Company has taken all actions 
necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the 
performance of its obligations hereunder, and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly authorized, 
executed, and delivered by, and is enforceable against, the Company.

        Section 4.3    No Violation; Necessary Approvals.    Neither the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company, nor the 
consummation or performance by the Company of any of transactions 
contemplated hereby, will: (a) with or without notice or lapse of time, 
constitute, create or result in a breach or violation of, default under, 
loss of benefit or right under or acceleration of performance of any 
obligation required under any Law, Order, Contract or Permit to which the 
Company is a party or by which it is bound or any of its assets are 
subject, or any provision of the Company's organizational documents as in 
effect on the Closing Date, (b) result in the imposition of any lien, claim 
or encumbrance upon any assets owned by the Company; (c) require any 
Consent under any Contract or organizational document to which the Company 
is a party or by which it is bound; or (d) require any Permit under any Law 
or Order other than (i) required filings, if any, with the SEC and (ii) 
notifications or other filings with state or federal regulatory agencies 
after the Closing that are necessary or convenient and do not require 
approval of the agency as a condition to the validity of the transactions 
contemplated hereunder; or (e) trigger any rights of first refusal, 
preferential purchase or similar rights with respect to any of the 
Securities.

        Section 4.4    Capitalization.    The Company's authorized capital 
stock consists of 225,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 11,500,000 
shares are issued and outstanding and no shares are held in treasury and 
1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

share, none of which are issued and outstanding. All of the issued and 
outstanding Shares: (a) have been duly authorized and are validly issued, 
fully paid, and nonassessable, (b) were issued in compliance with all 
applicable state and federal securities Laws, (c) were not issued in breach 
or violation of, or did not cause as a result of the issuance thereof a 
default under, any contract with or right granted to any other person.

        Section 4.5    Authorization of the Securities.    The Shares have 
been duly authorized and, when issued in accordance with this Agreement, 
the Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable 
shares of Common Stock and will be free and clear of all Liens and claims, 
other than restrictions on transfer imposed by the Securities Act and 
applicable state securities laws. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
exercise of the Warrants have been duly authorized and, when issued in 
accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be duly and validly issued, 
fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock and will be free and 
clear of all Liens and claims, other than restrictions on transfer imposed 
by the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.

ARTICLE V
ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER

        Section 5.1    Assignment by Buyer.    Notwithstanding anything 
herein to the contrary, from the date hereof until the Closing Date, Buyer 
may assign to any of his controlled affiliates (collectively, the "
Permitted Assignees"), the right to purchase any portion of the Securities 
(the "Assigned Securities"). In the event of such an assignment, such 
Permitted Assignees will assume Buyer's obligations under this Agreement in 
regards to the Assigned Securities. Each Permitted Assignee will pay to the 
Company at the Closing a pro rata portion of the Purchase Price in exchange 
for the Assigned Securities and will be bound by the restrictions imposed 
on the Assigned Securities by this Agreement, including the restrictions 
set forth in Section 5.2 hereof. Each Permitted Assignee will execute a 
counterpart signature page to this Agreement, agreeing to be bound by the 
provisions of this ARTICLE V. At the Closing, the Company will deliver to 
such Permitted Assignees the certificates representing the Assigned 
Securities.

        Section 5.2    Transfer Restrictions.    

              (a)   During the period from the Closing Date until 180 days
      after the Company's completion of a Business Combination (the "
      Lock-Up Period"), Buyer shall not (i) sell, offer to sell, contract
      or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase
      or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or
      indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or
      liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning
      of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
      the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, with
      respect to the Shares, the Warrants or the Common Stock issuable upon
      exercise of the Warrants or any securities convertible into or
      exercisable or exchangeable for Shares or such Warrants or other
      rights to purchase Shares or any such securities, (ii) enter into any
      swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in
      part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Shares,
      the Warrants or the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the
      Warrants or any securities convertible into or exercisable or
      exchangeable for Shares or such Warrants or other rights to purchase
      Shares or any such securities, whether any such transaction is to be
      settled by delivery of Common Stock

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

      or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) publicly
      announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in 
      Section 5.2(a)(i) or (ii).

              (b)   Notwithstanding the foregoing, Buyer may transfer any
      of the Securities (i) by gift to a member of the Buyer's immediate
      family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of Buyer's
      immediate family, an affiliate of Buyer or to a charitable
      organization, (ii) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution
      upon death of Buyer, (iii) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations
      order, (iv) in the event of a liquidation of the Company prior to a
      Business Combination or the consummation of a liquidation, merger,
      stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all the
      Company's stockholders having the right to exchange their Common
      Stock for cash, securities or other property subsequent to the
      Company's consummating a Business Combination with a target business,
      (v) to affiliates of Buyer, or (vi) Permitted Assignees and their
      affiliates, provided, however, that the permissive transfers set
      forth above may be implemented only upon the respective transferee's
      written agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
      Agreement. During the applicable Lock-Up Period, Buyer shall not
      grant a security interest in any portion of the Securities.

              (c)   After the Lock-Up Period has elapsed, the Securities
      shall only be transferable or saleable pursuant to a sale registered
      under the Securities Act or pursuant to an available exemption from
      registration, other than Regulations S of the Securities Act. The
      Company and Buyer each acknowledge that pursuant to the Registration
      Rights Agreement, Buyer may request a registration statement relating
      to the Sponsor Securities be filed with the SEC; provided that such
      registration statement does not become effective prior to the end of
      the Lock-Up Period.

ARTICLE VI
MISCELLANEOUS

        Section 6.1    Failure to Purchase.    Each of Sponsor and the 
Company understands and agrees that in the event that Buyer, or a Permitted 
Assignee of Buyer, fails to purchase the Securities in accordance with, and 
subject to, the terms of this Agreement, the Company will purchase, and the 
Sponsor will sell, for an aggregate purchase price of $1000, all of the 
founder's units (as defined in the Company's Registration Statement on Form 
S-1, File No. 333-143747, relating to its initial public offering) issued 
to the Sponsor in March 2007 (after giving effect to a 1.5-for-1 stock 
split in July 2007 and after giving effect to any forfeiture of founder's 
units as a result of the failure of the underwriters in the Company's 
initial public offering to exercise their over-allotment option).

        Section 6.2    Entire Agreement.    This Agreement, together with 
the certificates, documents, instruments and writings that are delivered 
pursuant hereto, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the 
parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all prior 
understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties 
hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the 
subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby.

        Section 6.3    Successors.    All of the terms, agreements, 
covenants, representations, warranties, and conditions of this Agreement 
are binding upon, and inure to the benefit of and are enforceable by, the 
parties hereto and their respective successors.

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        Section 6.4    Assignments.    Except as otherwise provided herein, 
no party hereto may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, 
interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of 
the other party. Any purported assignment in violation of this Section 6.3 
shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign 
any interest or title to the purported assignee.

        Section 6.5    Waiver of Jury Trial.    THE PARTIES HERETO EACH 
HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO JURY TRIAL OF ANY DISPUTE 
BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENTS 
RELATING HERETO OR ANY DEALINGS AMONG THEM RELATING TO THE TRANSACTIONS. 
THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL 
ACTIONS THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT 
MATTER OF THE TRANSACTIONS, INCLUDING, CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH 
OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. THE PARTIES 
HERETO EACH ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER 
INTO A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP AND THAT THEY WILL CONTINUE TO RELY ON THE 
WAIVER IN THEIR RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. EACH PARTY HERETO FURTHER 
REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL 
COUNSEL, AND THAT EACH KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL 
RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING 
TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN, THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT 
BE MODIFIED ORALLY OR IN WRITING, AND THE WAIVER WILL APPLY TO ANY 
AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT OR TO 
ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR AGREEMENTS RELATING HERETO. IN THE EVENT OF AN 
ACTION, THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO TRIAL BY A 
COURT.

        Section 6.6    Counterparts.    This Agreement may be executed in 
two or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but all 
of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

        Section 6.7    Headings.    The article and section headings 
contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and will not 
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

        Section 6.8    Governing Law.    This Agreement, the entire 
relationship of the parties hereto, and any litigation between the parties 
(whether grounded in contract, tort, statute, law or equity) shall be 
governed by, construed in accordance with, and interpreted pursuant to the 
laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to its choice of laws 
principles.

        Section 6.9    Amendments.    This Agreement may not be amended, 
modified or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written 
instrument executed by all parties hereto.

        Section 6.10    Severability.    The provisions of this Agreement 
will be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any 
provision will not affect the validity or

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------

enforceability of the other provisions hereof; provided that if any 
provision of this Agreement, as applied to any party hereto or to any 
circumstance, is adjudged by a Governmental Body, arbitrator, or mediator 
not to be enforceable in accordance with its terms, the parties hereto 
agree that the Governmental Body, arbitrator, or mediator making such 
determination will have the power to modify the provision in a manner 
consistent with its objectives such that it is enforceable, and/or to 
delete specific words or phrases, and in its reduced form, such provision 
will then be enforceable and will be enforced.

        Section 6.11    Expenses.    Except as otherwise expressly provided 
in this Agreement, each party hereto will bear its own costs and expenses 
incurred in connection with the preparation, execution and performance of 
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated 
hereby, including all fees and expenses of agents, representatives, 
financial advisors, legal counsel and accountants.

        Section 6.12    Construction.    The parties hereto have 
participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. If 
an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement 
will be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no 
presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any party 
hereto because of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. Any 
reference to any federal, state, local, or foreign Law will be deemed also 
to refer to Law as amended and all rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder, unless the context requires otherwise. The words "include," "
includes," and "including" will be deemed to be followed by "without 
limitation." Pronouns in masculine, feminine, and neuter genders will be 
construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular form will 
be construed to include the plural and vice versa, unless the context 
otherwise requires. The words "this Agreement," "herein," "hereof," "
hereby," "hereunder," and words of similar import refer to this Agreement 
as a whole and not to any particular subdivision unless expressly so 
limited. The parties hereto intend that each representation, warranty, and 
covenant contained herein will have independent significance. If any party 
hereto has breached any representation, warranty, or covenant contained 
herein in any respect, the fact that there exists another representation, 
warranty or covenant relating to the same subject matter (regardless of the 
relative levels of specificity) which such party hereto has not breached 
will not detract from or mitigate the fact that such party hereto is in 
breach of the first representation, warranty, or covenant.

        Section 6.13    Waiver.    No waiver by any party hereto of any 
default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder, 
whether intentional or not, may be deemed to extend to any prior or 
subsequent default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant 
hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising because of any prior or 
subsequent occurrence.

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement to 
be effective as of the date first set forth above.

  	  	COMPANY:

  	
  	
HICKS ACQUISITION COMPANY I, INC.

  	
  	
By: 	
    
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Joseph B. Armes
Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, Executive Vice President and Secretary
     	  	  	 

  	
  	
BUYER:

  	
  	
    
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thomas O. Hicks

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and solely for the purposes of Section 6.1 of 
this Agreement, the undersigned has executed this Agreement as of the date 
first written above.

  	  	SPONSOR:

  	
  	
HH-HACI, L.P.

  	
  	
  	
By: HH-HACI GP, LLC,
its general partner

  	
  	
  	
  	
  	
By: 	
    
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thomas O. Hicks
Sole Member and Manager

   

   

   

   

   

Co-Investment Securities Purchase Agreement Signature Page

------------------------------------------------------------------------

