 EX-10.24 3 v093683_ex10-24.txt EXHIBIT 10.24 THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR QUALIFIED UNDER 
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND HAS BEEN TAKEN FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES 
ONLY AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO OR FOR SALE IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISTRIBUTION 
THEREOF. THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE 
OF SUCH REGISTRATION AND QUALIFICATION WITHOUT, EXCEPT UNDER CERTAIN 
SPECIFIC LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE LENDER, 
REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY, THAT SUCH REGISTRATION AND 
QUALIFICATION ARE NOT REQUIRED. HYBRID TECHNOLOGIES, INC. PROMISSORY NOTE 
--------------- $________ October 29, 2007 Las Vegas, Nevada FOR VALUE 
RECEIVED, HYBRID TECHNOLOGIES, INC., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), 
with a mailing address at 5841 East Charleston, Suite 230-145, Las Vegas, 
Nevada 89142, promises to pay to Wyndom Capital Investments, Inc. (the 
"Lender"), in lawful money of the United States of America, the principal 
sum of ______________Dollars ($__________), together with simple interest 
from the date of this Note on the unpaid principal balance at a rate equal 
to ten (10.0%) percent per annum, computed on the basis of the actual 
number of days elapsed and a year of 365 days. All unpaid principal, 
together with any then unpaid and accrued interest and other amounts 
payable hereunder, shall be due and payable at any time after the earlier 
of (i) the Maturity Date (as defined below), or (ii) when, upon or after 
the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined below), such amounts are 
declared due and payable by the Lender or made automatically due and 
payable in accordance with the terms hereof. This Note is issued pursuant 
to the Loan Agreement (defined below), the terms and conditions of which 
are hereby incorporated herein by reference. The following is a statement 
of the rights of the Lender and the conditions to which this Note is 
subject, and to which the Lender, by the acceptance of this Note, agrees: 
Definitions. As used in this Note, the following capitalized terms have the 
following meanings: "Company" includes the corporation initially executing 
this Note and any Person which shall succeed to or assume the obligations 
of the Company under and subject to the conditions set forth in this Note. 
1.2 "Event of Default" has the meaning given in Article 8 of the Loan 
Agreement. 1.3 "Lender" shall mean the Person specified in the introductory 
paragraph of this Note or any Person who shall at the time be the 
registered holder of this Note. 1.4 "Loan Agreement" shall mean that 
certain Loan Agreement, dated October 29, 2007, between the Lender and the 
Company. 1.5 "Maturity Date" shall mean three years from the date of 
issuance set forth above of this Note. 1.6 "Obligations" shall mean all 
obligations, owed by the Company to the Lender, now existing or hereafter 
arising under or pursuant to the terms of this Note or under the Loan 
Agreement. 1.7 "Person" shall mean and include an individual, a 
partnership, a corporation (including a business trust), a joint stock 
company, a limited liability company, an unincorporated association, a 
joint venture or other entity or a governmental authority. Interest. 
Interest shall be payable monthly in arrears on the first banking day of 
the following month. Prepayment. The Company may not, without the Lender's 
permission, prepay all or any part of this Note. 4. Successors and Assigns. 
Subject to the restrictions on transfer described in Sections 6 and 7 
below, the rights and obligations of the Company and the Lender of this 
Note shall be binding upon and benefit the successors, assigns, heirs, 
administrators and transferees of the parties. 40 5. Waiver and Amendment. 
Any provision of this Note may be amended, waived or modified upon the 
written agreement of the Company and the Lender. 6. Transfer of this Note 
by Lender. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Lender may assign 
all or any portion of its interest in this Note, and its rights, 
obligations, and benefits under the Loan Agreement, without the consent of 
the Company. The Company will execute such assurances and conveyances as 
may be reasonably required by the Lender in order to give effect to such 
assignment, including executing additional documents to facilitate 
assignment thereof by the Lender. 7. Assignment by The Company. Neither 
this Note nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder may be 
assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, by the 
Company without the prior written consent of the Lender. Notices. All 
notices, requests, demands, consents, instructions or other communications 
required or permitted hereunder shall in writing and faxed, mailed or 
delivered to each party at the respective addresses or facsimile numbers of 
the parties. All such notices and communications shall be effective (a) 
when sent by Federal Express or other overnight service of recognized 
standing, on the business day following the deposit with such service; (b) 
when mailed, by registered or certified mail, first class postage prepaid 
and addressed as aforesaid through the United States Postal Service, upon 
receipt; (c) when delivered by hand, upon delivery; and (d) when faxed, 
upon confirmation of receipt. Usury. In the event any interest is paid on 
this Note that is deemed to be in excess of the then legal maximum rate, 
then that portion of the interest payment representing an amount in excess 
of the then legal maximum rate shall be deemed a payment of principal and 
applied against the principal of this Note. Waivers. The Company hereby 
waives notice of default, presentment or demand for payment, protest or 
notice of nonpayment or dishonor and all other notices or demands relative 
to this instrument. Governing Law. This Note and all actions arising out of 
or in connection with this Note shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the 
conflicts of law provisions of the State of Nevada, or of any other state. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, The Company has caused this Note to be issued as of the 
date first written above. HYBRID TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (a Nevada corporation) 
By: ----------------------------------------- Name: Holly Roseberry Title: 
Chief Executive Officer 41