 EX-10.6 8 exh10-6_15497.txt FORM OF DIRECTOR & EXECUTIVE OFFICER AGREEMENT 
EXHIBIT 10.6 ------------ DIRECTOR AND EXECUTIVE OFFICER INDEMNIFICATION 
AGREEMENT This Director and Executive Officer Indemnification Agreement 
(the "Agreement") is made effective as of November 13, 2007, by and between 
RedRoller Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company") and 
[_______________] (the "Indemnitee"). WHEREAS, Indemnitee performs a 
valuable service for the Company; and WHEREAS, the Company's Certificate of 
Incorporation (the "Certificate of Incorporation") provides for the 
indemnification of officers and directors of the Company to the maximum 
extent authorized by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, 
as amended ("Law"); and WHEREAS, the Certificate of Incorporation and the 
Law, by their nonexclusive nature, permit contracts between the Company and 
the officers or directors of the Company with respect to indemnification of 
such officers or directors; and WHEREAS, in accordance with the 
authorization as provided by the Law, the Company may purchase and maintain 
a policy or policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance ("D & 
O Insurance"), covering certain liabilities which may be incurred by its 
officers or directors in the performance of their obligations to the 
Company; and WHEREAS, increased corporate litigation has subjected 
directors and officers to litigation risks and expenses, and the 
limitations on the availability of D & O Insurance may make it increasingly 
difficult for the Company to attract and retain such persons; and WHEREAS, 
the Company desires to provide Indemnitee with specific contractual 
assurance of Indemnitee's rights to full indemnification against litigation 
risks and expenses (regardless, among other things, of any amendment to or 
revocation of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Company's By-laws 
(the "By-laws") or any change in the ownership of the Company or the 
composition of its Board of Directors); and WHEREAS, the Company intends 
that this Agreement provide Indemnitee with greater protection than that 
which is provided by the Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws; and 
WHEREAS, in order to induce Indemnitee to continue to serve as an officer 
or director of the Company, the Company has determined and agreed to enter 
into this contract with Indemnitee. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the 
mutual promises made in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Company and 
Indemnitee hereby agree as follows: 1. Indemnification. (a) Third Party 
Proceedings. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee if Indemnitee is or was 
a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or 
completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, 
administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of 
the Company) by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a director, 
officer, employee or agent of the Company, or any subsidiary of the 
Company, by reason of any action or inaction on the part of Indemnitee 
while an officer or director or by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or 
was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee 
or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other 
enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines 
and amounts paid in settlement (if such settlement is approved in advance 
by the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) actually 
and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such action, suit 
or proceeding if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee 
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the 
Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no 
reasonable cause to believe Indemnitee's conduct was unlawful. The 
termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, 
settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its 
equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that Indemnitee did 
not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed 
to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or, with 
respect to any criminal action or proceeding, that Indemnitee had 
reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitee's conduct was unlawful. (b) 
Proceedings by or in the Right of the Company. The Company shall indemnify 
Indemnitee if Indemnitee was or is a party or is threatened to be made a 
party to any threatened, pending or completed action or proceeding by or in 
the right of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company to procure a 
judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a 
director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or any subsidiary of 
the Company, by reason of any action or inaction on the part of Indemnitee 
while an officer or director or by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or 
was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee 
or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other 
enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees) and, to the 
fullest extent permitted by law, amounts paid in settlement (if such 
settlement is approved in advance by the Company, which approval shall not 
be unreasonably withheld), in each case to the extent actually and 
reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the defense or 
settlement of such action or suit if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in 
a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best 
interests of the Company and its stockholders, except that no 
indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as 
to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudicated by court order or 
judgment to be liable to the Company in the performance of Indemnitee's 
duty to the Company and its stockholders unless and only to the extent that 
the court in which such action or proceeding is or was pending shall 
determine upon application that, in view of all the circumstances of the 
case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such 
expenses which such court shall deem proper. (c) Mandatory Payment of 
Expenses. To the extent that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits 
or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in 
Section 1(a) or Section 1(b) or the defense of any claim, issue or matter 
therein, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against expenses (including 
attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in 
connection therewith. 2. No Employment Rights. Nothing contained in this 
Agreement is intended to create in Indemnitee any right to continued 
employment. 3. Expenses, Indemnification Procedure. (a) Advancement of 
Expenses. The Company shall advance all expenses incurred by Indemnitee in 
connection with the investigation, defense, settlement or appeal of any 
civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding referred to in Section l(a) or 
Section 1(b) hereof (including amounts actually paid in settlement of any 
such action, suit or proceeding). Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay 
such amounts advanced only if, and to the extent that, it shall ultimately 
be determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the 
Company as authorized hereby. 2 (b) Notice/Cooperation by Indemnitee. 
Indemnitee shall, as a condition precedent to his or her right to be 
indemnified under this Agreement, give the Company notice in writing as 
soon as practicable of any claim made against Indemnitee for which 
indemnification will or could be sought under this Agreement. Notice to the 
Company shall be directed to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and 
shall be given in accordance with the provisions of Section 12(d) below. In 
addition, Indemnitee shall give the Company such information and 
cooperation as it may reasonably require and as shall be within 
Indemnitee's power. (c) Procedure. Any indemnification and advances 
provided for in Section 1 and this Section 3 shall be made no later than 
thirty (30) days after receipt of the written request of Indemnitee. If a 
claim under this Agreement, under any statute, or under any provision of 
the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws providing for indemnification, 
is not paid in full by the Company within thirty (30) days after a written 
request for payment thereof has first been received by the Company, 
Indemnitee may, but need not, at any time thereafter bring an action 
against the Company to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, subject 
to Section 11 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall also be entitled to be 
paid for the expenses (including attorneys' fees) of bringing such action. 
It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to 
enforce a claim for expenses incurred in connection with any action, suit 
or proceeding in advance of its final disposition) that Indemnitee has not 
met the standards of conduct which make it permissible under applicable law 
for the Company to indemnify Indemnitee for the amount claimed, but the 
burden of proving such defense shall be on the Company and Indemnitee shall 
be entitled to receive interim payments of expenses pursuant to Section 
3(a) unless and until such defense may be finally adjudicated by court 
order or judgment from which no further right of appeal exists. It is the 
parties' intention that if the Company contests Indemnitee's right to 
indemnification, the question of Indemnitee's right to indemnification 
shall be for the court to decide, and neither the failure of the Company 
(including its Board of Directors, any committee or subgroup of the Board 
of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made 
a determination that indemnification of Indemnitee is proper in the 
circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct 
required by applicable law, nor an actual determination by the Company 
(including its Board of Directors, any committee or subgroup of the Board 
of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that 
Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a 
presumption that Indemnitee has or has not met the applicable standard of 
conduct. (d) Notice to Insurers. If, at the time of the receipt of a notice 
of a claim pursuant to Section 3(b) hereof, the Company has director and 
officer liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice 
of the commencement of such proceeding to the insurers in accordance with 
the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall 
thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to 
pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such 
proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies. (e) Selection of 
Counsel. In the event the Company shall be obligated under Section 3(a) 
hereof to pay the expenses of any proceeding against Indemnitee, the 
Company, if appropriate, shall be entitled to assume the defense of such 
proceeding, with counsel approved by Indemnitee, upon the delivery to 
Indemnitee of written notice of its election so to do. After delivery of 
such notice, approval of such counsel by Indemnitee and the retention of 
such counsel by the Company, the Company will not be liable to Indemnitee 
under this Agreement for any fees of counsel subsequently incurred by 
Indemnitee with respect to the same proceeding, provided that (i) 
Indemnitee shall have the right to employ counsel in any such proceeding at 
Indemnitee's expense; and (ii) if (A) the employment of counsel by 
Indemnitee has been previously authorized by the Company, (B) Indemnitee 
shall have reasonably concluded that there may be a conflict of interest 
between the Company and Indemnitee in the conduct of any such 3 defense or 
(C) the Company shall not, in fact, have employed counsel to assume the 
defense of such proceeding, then the fees and expenses of Indemnitee's 
counsel shall be at the expense of the Company. 4. Additional 
Indemnification Rights; Nonexclusivity. (a) Scope. Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Agreement, the Company hereby agrees to indemnify 
the Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law, notwithstanding that 
such indemnification is not specifically authorized by the other provisions 
of this Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation, the By-laws or by 
statute. In the event of any change, after the date of this Agreement, in 
any applicable law, statute, or rule which expands the right of a Delaware 
corporation to indemnify a member of its board of directors or an officer, 
such changes shall be deemed to be within the purview of Indemnitee's 
rights and the Company's obligations under this Agreement. In the event of 
any change in any applicable law, statute or rule which narrows the right 
of a Delaware corporation to indemnify a member of its board of directors 
or an officer, such changes, to the extent not otherwise required by such 
law, statute or rule to be applied to this Agreement shall have no effect 
on this Agreement or the parties' rights and obligations hereunder. (b) 
Nonexclusively. The indemnification provided by this Agreement shall not be 
deemed exclusive of any rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled under 
the Certificate of Incorporation, the By-laws, any agreement, any vote of 
stockholders or disinterested members of the Company's Board of Directors, 
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or otherwise, both as 
to action in Indemnitee's official capacity and as to action in another 
capacity while holding such office. The indemnification provided under this 
Agreement shall continue as to Indemnitee for any action taken or not taken 
while serving in an indemnified capacity even though he or she may have 
ceased to serve in any such capacity at the time of any action, suit or 
other covered proceeding. 5. Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is 
entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the 
Company for some or a portion of the expenses, judgments, fines or 
penalties actually or reasonably incurred in the investigation, defense, 
appeal or settlement of any civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding, 
but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall 
nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion of such expenses, 
judgments, fines or penalties to which Indemnitee is entitled. 6. Mutual 
Acknowledgment. Both the Company and Indemnitee acknowledge that in certain 
instances, Federal law or public policy may override applicable state law 
and prohibit the Company from indemnifying its directors and officers under 
this Agreement or otherwise. For example, the Company and Indemnitee 
acknowledge that the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") has 
taken the position that indemnification is not permissible for liabilities 
arising under certain federal securities laws, and federal legislation 
prohibits indemnification for certain ERISA violations. Indemnitee 
understands and acknowledges that the Company has undertaken or may be 
required in the future to undertake with the SEC to submit the question of 
indemnification to a court in certain circumstances for a determination of 
the Company's right under public policy to indemnify Indemnitee. 7. 
Director and Officer Liability Insurance. The Company shall, from time to 
time, make the good faith determination whether or not it is practicable 
for the Company to obtain and maintain a policy or policies of insurance 
with a reputable insurance company providing the Indemnitee with coverage 
for losses from wrongful acts, and to ensure the Company's performance of 
its indemnification obligations under this Agreement. In all policies of 
director and officer liability insurance, Indemnitee shall be named as an 
insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights and 
benefits as are accorded to the most favorably insured of the Company's 
officers and directors. Notwithstanding the 4 foregoing, the Company shall 
have no obligation to obtain or maintain such insurance if the Company 
determines in good faith that such insurance is not reasonably available, 
if the premium costs for such insurance are disproportionate to the amount 
of coverage provided, if the coverage provided by such insurance is limited 
by exclusions so as to provide an insufficient benefit, or if Indemnitee is 
covered by similar insurance maintained by a parent or subsidiary of the 
Company. The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any 
payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent 
that Indemnitee has otherwise actually received such payment under any 
insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise. 8. Severability. 
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to require or shall be construed as 
requiring the Company to do or fail to do any act in violation of 
applicable law. The Company's inability, pursuant to court order, to 
perform its obligations under this Agreement shall not constitute a breach 
of this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable as 
provided in this Section 8. If this Agreement or any portion hereof shall 
be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then 
the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee to the full extent 
permitted by any applicable portion of this Agreement that shall not have 
been invalidated, and the balance of this Agreement not so invalidated 
shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms. 9. Exceptions. Any other 
provision herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Company shall not be 
obligated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement: (a) Claims Initiated by 
Indemnitee. To indemnify or advance expenses to Indemnitee with respect to 
proceedings or claims initiated or brought voluntarily by Indemnitee and 
not by way of defense, except with respect to proceedings brought to 
establish or enforce a right to indemnification under this Agreement or any 
other statute or law or otherwise as required under Section 145 of the 
Delaware General Corporation Law, but such indemnification or advancement 
of expenses may be provided by the Company in specific cases if the Board 
of Directors finds it to be appropriate; (b) Lack of Good Faith. To 
indemnify Indemnitee for any expenses incurred by Indemnitee with respect 
to any proceeding instituted by Indemnitee to enforce or interpret this 
Agreement, if a court of competent jurisdiction determines that each of the 
material assertions made by Indemnitee in such proceeding was not made in 
good faith or was frivolous; (c) Insured Claims. To indemnify Indemnitee 
for expenses or liabilities of any type whatsoever (including, but not 
limited to, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties, and amounts 
paid in settlement) to the extent such expenses or liabilities have been 
paid directly to Indemnitee by an insurance carrier under a policy of 
officers' and directors' liability insurance maintained by the Company; or 
(d) Claims Under Section 16(b). To indemnify Indemnitee for expenses or the 
payment of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of 
securities in violation of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, or any similar successor statute. 10. Construction of 
Certain Phrases. (a) For purposes of this Agreement, references to the 
"Company" shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any 
constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) 
absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had 
continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, 
officers, and employees or agents, so that if Indemnitee is or was a 
director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is 
or was 5 serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a 
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, 
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, Indemnitee shall stand in the 
same position under the provisions of this Agreement with respect to the 
resulting or surviving corporation as Indemnitee would have with respect to 
such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. (b) 
For purposes of this Agreement, references to "other enterprises" shall 
include employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any 
excise taxes assessed on Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit 
plan; and references to "serving at the request of the Company" shall 
include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the 
Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, 
officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its 
participants, or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and 
in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the interest of the 
participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee 
shall be deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best 
interests of the Company" as referred to in this Agreement. 11. Attorneys' 
Fees. In the event that any action is instituted by Indemnitee under this 
Agreement to enforce or interpret any of the terms hereof, Indemnitee shall 
be entitled to be paid all court costs and expenses, including reasonable 
attorneys' fees, incurred by Indemnitee with respect to such action, unless 
as a part of such action, the court of competent jurisdiction determines 
that each of the material assertions made by Indemnitee as a basis for such 
action were not made in good faith or were frivolous. In the event of an 
action instituted by or in the name of the Company under this Agreement or 
to enforce or interpret any of the terms of this Agreement, Indemnitee 
shall be entitled to be paid all court costs and expenses, including 
attorneys' fees, incurred by Indemnitee in defense of such action 
(including with respect to Indemnitee's counterclaims and cross-claims made 
in such action), unless as a part of such action the court determines that 
each of Indemnitee's material defenses to such action were made in bad 
faith or were frivolous. 12. Miscellaneous (a) Governing Law. This 
Agreement shall be construed under and enforced in accordance with the 
internal substantive laws of the State of Delaware. Any litigation arising 
out of or incidental to this Agreement shall be initiated only in a court 
of competent jurisdiction located within the State of Delaware. Each party 
hereby consents to the personal jurisdiction of the State of Delaware, 
acknowledges that venue is proper in any state or Federal court in the 
State of Delaware, agrees that any action related to this Agreement must be 
brought in a state or Federal court in the State of Delaware and waives any 
objection that may exist, now or in the future, with respect to any of the 
foregoing. (b) Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights. This Agreement sets 
forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the 
subject matter herein and merges all prior discussions between them. No 
modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any 
rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by 
the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either party to enforce any 
rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any 
rights of such party. (c) Construction. This Agreement is the result of 
negotiations between and has been reviewed by each of the parties hereto 
and their respective counsel, if any; accordingly, this Agreement shall be 
deemed to be the product of all of the parties hereto, and no ambiguity 
shall be construed in favor of or against any one of the parties hereto. 6 
(d) Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given 
on the date of personal delivery; or on the date of electronic confirmation 
of receipt, if sent by telecopier; or three (3) days after deposit in the 
United States mail, if mailed by certified or registered mail, return 
receipt requested (postage prepaid); or one (1) day after delivery by a 
reputable overnight courier (delivery charges prepaid), as follows: (i) If 
to Indemnitee, to the address set forth below Indemnitee's signature 
hereto. (ii) If to the Company, to: RedRoller Holdings, Inc. Soundview 
Plaza 1266 East Main Street, 2nd Floor Stamford, CT 06902-0233 Tel Number: 
(203) 851-0100 Fax Number: (203) 327-9777 Attention: William Van Wyck, 
Chief Executive Officer with a copy sent at the same time and by the same 
means to: DLA Piper US LLP 33 Arch Street, 26th Floor Boston, MA 02110 Tel 
Number: (617) 406-6063 Fax Number: (617) 406-6163 Attention: Francis J. 
Feeney, Esq. or to such other address as may have been furnished to 
Indemnitee by the Company or to the Company by Indemnitee, as the case may 
be. (e) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which 
together shall constitute one instrument. (f) Successors and Assigns. This 
Agreement shall be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns, 
and inure to the benefit of Indemnitee and Indemnitee's heirs, legal 
representatives and assigns. (g) Modification and Waiver. No supplement, 
modification, termination or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding 
unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver of any 
of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a 
waiver of any other provisions hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall 
such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. (h) Subrogation. In the event 
of payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be subrogated to the 
extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who 
shall execute all documents required and shall do all acts that may be 
necessary to secure such rights and to enable the Company to effectively 
bring suit to enforce such rights. [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT 
BLANK] 7 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this 
Agreement as an instrument under seal as of the day and year set forth on 
the first page of this Agreement. COMPANY ------- RedRoller Holdings, Inc. 
By: ------------------------------- Name: William Van Wyck Title: Chief 
Executive Officer INDEMNITEE ------------------------------- Name: 
[___________________] Address: _________________ _________________ 
_________________