 EX-10.10 12 exh10-10_15497.txt EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT - ORDWAY EXHIBIT 10.10 
------------- EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the 
"Agreement") is made and entered into effective as of July 11, 2007, by and 
between RedRoller, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Jason 
T. Ordway ("Executive"). Certain capitalized terms used herein shall have 
the meanings set forth in Section 18 below. WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, the 
Company has determined that it is in its best interests to insure the 
continued employment of Executive as the Chief Information Officer ("CIO") 
of the Company in accordance with the terms hereof. NOW, THEREFORE, in 
consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the 
Company and Executive agree as follows: 1. Duties. The Company hereby 
employs Executive as CIO of the Company on the terms set forth herein. 
During the course of his employment, Executive shall have those duties and 
responsibilities, and the authority, customarily possessed by the CIO of a 
corporation and such additional duties as may reasonably be assigned to him 
from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") or 
by his direct report, which are consistent with his position as CIO of a 
corporation. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the Executive from 
devoting reasonable periods of time to charitable and community activities 
or the management of his investment assets, provided such activities do not 
significantly interfere with the performance by the Executive of his duties 
hereunder. Furthermore, service by the Executive on the boards of other 
companies shall not be deemed to be a violation of this Agreement, provided 
such service does not significantly interfere with the confidentiality 
provisions or performance of his duties hereunder. 2. Term. Executive's 
employment hereunder shall commence on the date of this Agreement (the 
"Commencement Date") and shall, unless terminated in accordance with the 
terms hereof, continue for a three year period, which shall then renew 
automatically for one year periods, unless the either party notifies 
notifies the other in writing, within thirty (30) days after the date which 
is one year prior to the expiration of the Agreement period, that the such 
party does not wish to renew this contract, or unless otherwise terminated 
under the provisions herein (the "Term"). Executive's obligations and the 
Company's rights under Sections 8 through 13 below, and Executive's other 
post-employment covenants, shall survive the expiration or earlier 
termination of this Agreement for any reason. 3. Base Salary and Bonus. 
During the Term of this Agreement, the Company shall pay Executive a base 
salary of One Hundred and Eighty Thousand dollars ($180,000) per year (the 
"Base Salary"), paid in periodic payments in the manner that the Company 
normally pays its executives, which Base Salary amount cannot be decreased 
without Executive's written consent. If Executive has, or shall, take a 
voluntary and temporary pay reduction in order to assist the Company to 
conserve cash, such decrease shall not be considered a decrease in Base 
Salary for purposes of this Agreement. On an annual basis, during the first 
one hundred and twenty (120) days of the fiscal year (following the 
preparation of the Company's annual financial statements), the Board of 
Directors (the "Board"), in conjunction with Executive's direct report, 
will review Executive's Base Salary and bonus or other compensation during 
the period of his employment hereunder and, at the discretion of a majority 
of the Board, may increase, but not decrease, Executive's Base Salary and 
benefits based upon his performance, the Company's results of 2 operation, 
and other relevant or associated factors. In addition to the base salary, 
Executive shall be eligible to receive a quarterly bonus of Ten Thousand 
Dollars ($10,000), based on written performance objectives defined by 
Executive's direct report and countersigned by a member of the Board or as 
approved by the compensation committee thereof, any such bonus payment to 
be approved in writing by Executive's direct report and countersigned by a 
member of the Board or as approved by the compensation committee thereof, 
and paid within thirty days of the end of each quarter. 4. Benefits. A. 
Vacation. Executive shall be entitled to three (4) weeks paid vacation, to 
be taken at a time or times acceptable to the Company and otherwise 
consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Executive may 
take up to one (1) week additional vacation or personal time without 
compensation. B. Term Life Insurance. The Company, in its discretion, may 
purchase one or more term life insurance policies on the life of the 
Executive, with the Company named as beneficiary, with an aggregate death 
benefit of up to $5,000,000 (the "Company Policy"). In addition, the 
Company shall provide an insurance benefit (the "Insurance Benefit") to the 
Executive, subject to the limitations described herein, equal to the amount 
necessary to enable the Executive to purchase one or more term life 
insurance policies on his life, with a beneficiary(ies) as designated by 
the Executive, provided, however, that in any one calendar year, the total 
premium cost to be paid by the Company to the Executive shall be limited to 
$5,000. The Company and Executive shall fully cooperate with each other by 
taking all actions reasonably necessary to carry out the intentions of this 
section. Each party shall cooperate in purchasing any insurance policies, 
including taking into consideration the wishes of the other 3 party with 
respect to the type of policy purchased and the quality of the insurance 
provider and the Executive shall submit to any application process, 
including medical testing, requested by the Company or any applicable 
insurance provider. C. Other Fringe Benefits. Executive shall be included 
to the extent eligible thereunder in Company benefit plans providing group 
life insurance, hospitalization, medical, pension, financial services and 
any other similar or comparable benefits available to other employees. 5. 
Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Executive for reasonable 
out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by him on behalf of the Company in 
the performance of his duties as specified herein and documented in 
accordance with the requirements of the Internal Revenue Service and the 
Company's policies in effect from time to time. 6. Termination of 
Employment. The consequences of termination of Executive's employment are 
described in this Section 6 and Section 7 below. Unless otherwise agreed in 
writing, Executive and the Company expressly agree not to discuss, except 
with official advisors (on a confidential basis), any information or 
aspects of Executive's employment regarding the Company or the Executive's 
termination circumstances unless and only to the extent required under 
compulsion from a court of competent jurisdiction or otherwise required by 
law. A. Death or Disability. In the event of Executive's death, the duties 
of the Company and Executive, one to the other, under this Agreement shall 
terminate as of the date of Executive's death. In the case of Executive's 
Disability being determined as set forth herein, the Company shall provide 
the payments and other benefits specified in Section 7 below. B. 
Termination by the Company. (i) For Cause. The Company may terminate 
Executive's employment at any time For Cause, as defined herein, upon a 
majority vote of the Board in which case 4 of termination the duties of the 
Company and Executive, one to the other, under this Agreement shall 
terminate as of the date of Executive's termination of employment. (ii) 
Other Than For Cause. Executive's employment may be terminated at any time 
other than For Cause upon a majority vote of the Board, with Executive 
abstaining, in which case the duties of the Company and Executive, one to 
the other, under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of 
Executive's termination of employment, subject to the Company providing the 
severance payments and other benefits, specified in Section 7 below. Any 
termination of Executive's employment by the Company shall be communicated 
by written notice of termination to the other party hereto, which shall set 
forth the reason if determined For Cause, the effective date and time of 
termination, and any other relevant data. If Disabled, the Company shall 
not terminate Executive because of a disability. C. Voluntary Resignation. 
If the Executive voluntarily leaves the employ of the Company during the 
Term of this Agreement, the duties of the Company and the Executive, one to 
the other, under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of the 
Executive's termination of employment, provided, however, that if Executive 
voluntarily leaves the employ of the Company during the Term of this 
Agreement under circumstances that constitute a Resignation for Good Reason 
after a Change of Control, the Company shall provide the severance payments 
and other benefits, specified in Section 7 below. D. Post-Employment 
Obligations. In the event that Executive's employment with the Company is 
terminated due to any reason other than death, the provisions of Sections 8 
through 12 below and Executive's other post-employment covenants shall 
survive any such termination. 7. Obligations upon Termination or 
Disability. A. Disability. Subject to Board approval as defined herein, if 
Executive becomes disabled, then Executive shall be considered Disabled and 
be entitled to the following: 5 (i) The Company shall pay Executive an 
amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of his Base Salary as it normally pays 
its personnel, until and unless such disability is cured or otherwise 
remedied. Such payment shall be made with respect to Executive's Base 
Salary as in effect as of the date his disability is determined. (ii) The 
Executive shall be entitled to Benefits Continuation. B. Termination by 
Company Other Than For Cause. If, during the Term of this Agreement, 
Executive's employment with the Company is terminated by the Company other 
than For Cause, then Executive shall be entitled to the following severance 
benefits: (i) The Company shall, subject to the provisions of Section 7.C. 
below, pay Executive a severance payment equal to two (2) times his Base 
Salary with 50% of such severance payment being paid in a lump sum (payable 
promptly upon the first date provided for such payment pursuant to Section 
7.C below), and the remaining fifty percent (50%) of such severance payment 
and any accrued bonus, shall be payable in twelve (12) equal, monthly 
installments, without interest. Such severance payment shall be made with 
respect to Executive's Base Salary as in effect as of the date of his 
termination of employment with the Company, but without giving effect to 
any reduction in Base Salary that might have occurred after a Change of 
Control. (ii) All of Executive's stock options shall become immediately 
vested and exercisable (which exercise, at Executive's option, may be a 
"cashless" exercise) for up to the longer of (i) five (5) years after 
termination of Executive's employment with the Company, or (ii) the 
remainder of the option period provided for in the Company's option plan; 
and (iii) For a five (5) year period following the date of Executive's 
termination of employment with the Company, the Executive shall be entitled 
to Benefits Continuation. If Executive commences other full-time employment 
elsewhere where benefits of equal or superior quality are available, the 
Company's obligation to provide Benefits Continuation shall cease, except 
with respect to any pre-existing conditions, which are not adequately 
covered by the newer benefits. C. Termination upon Executive's Resignation 
for Good Reason After a Change of Control. If, during the Term of this 
Agreement, Executive's employment with the Company is terminated by 
Executive's Resignation for Good Reason after a Change of Control, then 
Executive shall be entitled to the following severance benefits: (i) The 
Company shall, subject to the provisions of Section 7.D. below, pay 
Executive a severance payment equal to the severance payment due under 
Paragraph 7.B (i), Termination by Company Other Than For Cause. Such 
severance 6 payment shall be made with respect to Executive's Base Salary 
as in effect as of the date of his termination of employment with the 
Company, but without giving effect to any reduction in Base Salary that 
might have occurred after a Change of Control. (ii) Any stock options then 
owned by Executive shall become immediately vested and exercisable (which 
exercise, at Executive's option, may be a "cashless" exercise) for up to 
the longer of (i) three years after termination of Executive's employment 
with the Company, or (ii) the remainder of the exercise period provided for 
in the applicable option agreement(s) or by the Board of Directors, 
provided that this provision shall not extend the exercise period of 
Executive's options beyond the term of the option and the Company agrees to 
cause such exercise to be allowed (including following the request of the 
Compensation Committee to permit such exercise) pursuant to the Company's 
Stock Option Plan(s) or the comparable provision of any future plan or 
agreement; and (iii) For a five (5) year period following the date of 
Executive's termination of employment with the Company, Executive shall be 
entitled to Benefits Continuation. If Executive commences other full-time 
employment with equal or better health benefits, or engages in consulting 
with any other company for compensation where he is eligible for equal or 
better health benefits, the Company's obligation to provide Benefits 
Continuation shall cease. D. Release. As a condition to and in 
consideration for the receipt of the severance payment(s) and other 
benefits to which Executive may be entitled pursuant to Section 7.B or 7.C 
hereof, Executive agrees to execute a Release Agreement with the Company, 
in substantially the same form as that attached hereto as Exhibit A (the 
"Release Agreement"), within the thirty (30) day period beginning 
twenty-one (21) days after the date of his cessation of employment with the 
Company. The Company shall not be obligated to make any severance payment 
or provide any other benefits unless and until the Company shall have 
received from Executive a validly executed Release Agreement that shall not 
have been revoked by Executive during the applicable Revocation Period (as 
such term is defined in the Release Agreement). Provided that Company 
receives from Executive a validly executed Release Agreement which is not 
revoked during the applicable Revocation Period, the Company agrees to 
commence making the severance payments and provide the other benefits 
theretofore withheld within three (3) days of the end of the Revocation 
Period. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the benefits provided by 
this 7 Agreement constitute adequate consideration to render enforceable 
such Release Agreement against Executive. 8. Noncompetition. Executive 
agrees that during the period (the "Noncompetition Period") commencing on 
the date hereof and ending on the date that is three (3) years after the 
later of the date of his cessation of employment with the Company, or the 
last date on which he is supposed to be paid by the Company any severance 
payment provided for in this Agreement, he will not, without the prior 
consent of the Board of Directors of the Company, either directly or 
indirectly, in any capacity whatsoever, (a) compete (as defined below) with 
the Company, or (b) operate, control, advise, be employed and/or engaged 
by, perform any consulting services for, invest in (other than the purchase 
of no more than five percent (5%) of the publicly traded securities of a 
company whose securities are traded on a national stock exchange) or 
otherwise become employed by or with, any person, company or other entity 
who or which, at any time during the Noncompetition Period, competes with 
the Company. As used above, "compete" is defined as being employed by a 
company engaged in the development, marketing, distribution or sale of 
package or other shipping rate comparison system software used via the 
Internet in any significant way similar to the Company's redroller.com 
system and related services. Executive further expressly represents and 
understands that if Executive's employment is terminated, this Agreement 
will prohibit only for the period set forth above, the Executive from 
future employment with all companies that compete with the Company, as 
defined in this Agreement, and as such, will constrain some of the 
Executive's overall possibilities for future employment. By Executive's 
signature to this Agreement, Executive expressly represents that his 
training, education and background are such that his ability to earn a 
living shall not be impaired by the restriction in this Agreement. 8 9. 
Nondisclosure. Executive agrees during the period commencing on the date 
hereof and thereafter, at all times to hold as a secret and confidential 
(unless disclosure is required pursuant to court order, subpoena, in a 
governmental proceeding, arbitration, or pursuant to other requirement of 
law) any and all knowledge, technical information, business information, 
developments, and trade secrets, of the Company or its business, including, 
without limitation, (a) information or business secrets relating to the 
products, customers, business, or any of its respective clients, customers, 
consultants or licensees; and (b) any of the Company's customer lists, 
pricing and purchasing information or policies (collectively, "Confidential 
Information"), of which he has acquired knowledge during or after his 
employment with the Company, to the extent that such matters (i) have not 
previously been made public or are not thereafter made public, or (ii) do 
not otherwise become available to Executive, in either case, via a source 
not bound by any confidentiality obligations to the Company. The phrase 
"made public" as used in this Agreement shall apply to matters within the 
domain of the general public or the Company's industry. Executive agrees 
not to use, directly or indirectly, such knowledge for his own financial 
benefit or for the financial benefit of others and/or disclose any of such 
Confidential Information without prior written consent of the Company. At 
the cessation of employment with the Company, the Executive agrees to 
promptly return to the Company any and all written Confidential Information 
received from the Company which relates in any way to any of the foregoing 
items covered in this paragraph and to destroy any transcripts or copies 
the Executive may have of such Confidential Information unless an 
alternative method of disposition is approved by the Company. 
Notwithstanding, any provision in this non-disclosure paragraph to the 
contrary, unless the Company suffers an actual loss from a disclosure by 
the Executive, such disclosure shall not be actionable. Further, any claim 
under this provision must be instituted within three years after the 
termination of this agreement. 9 10. Intellectual Property Assignment. 
Executive agrees that all ideas, improvements, computer programs, code, 
flowcharts, inventions, and discoveries that are directly related to the 
business of the Company (either as previously conducted or as conducted at 
any time during Executive's employment), that Executive may have made or 
that Executive may make or conceive, alone or jointly with others, during 
Executive's employment with the Company, only to the extent developed 
substantially during Company time and using Company equipment, shall be the 
sole property of the Company, and Executive agrees: (a) to promptly 
disclose any such ideas, improvements, inventions, and discoveries to the 
Company; and (b) to treat such ideas, improvements, inventions, and 
discoveries as Confidential Information and as the trade secrets of the 
Company; and (c) not to disclose such ideas, improvements, inventions, and 
discoveries to anyone, both during and after Executive's employment with 
the Company, without the Company's prior written approval. Executive hereby 
assigns all of Executive's right, title and interest in and to any such 
ideas, improvements, inventions, or discoveries, including any potential 
patent rights and any additional rights conferred by law upon Executive as 
the author, designer, or inventor thereof, to (i) vest full title in the 
idea, improvement, invention, or discovery in the Company, and (ii) to 
enable the Company to seek, maintain or enforce patent or other protection 
thereon anywhere in the world. Executive agrees that the Company is the 
author (owner) of any work of authorship or copyrightable work ("Work") 
created by Executive, in whole or in part, during Executive's employment by 
the Company during Company time and/or using Company equipment and directly 
relating to the business of the Company as previously conducted or as 
conducted at any time during Executive's employment. Executive acknowledges 
that each writing and other literary Work, each drawing and other pictorial 
and/or graphic Work and any 10 audio-visual Work, created by Executive, in 
whole or in part, during Company time and/or using Company equipment and 
directly relating to his position or responsibilities with the Company has 
been prepared by Executive for the Company as a Work for hire. Executive 
agrees that in the event that such Work is not considered Work for hire, 
Executive hereby assigns all copyright and any other rights conferred in 
law unto Executive in and to such Work to the Company. Executive agrees 
that at the request of the Company, Executive will execute any documents 
deemed necessary by the Company to (i) vest full title to the Work in the 
Company, and (ii) enable the Company to register, maintain, or enforce 
copyrights in the Work anywhere in the world. Executive will treat any such 
Work as Confidential Information and as the trade secrets of the Company 
and will not disclose it to anyone both during and after Executive's 
employment by the Company, without the Company's prior written approval. 
Executive recognizes that the ideas, improvements, inventions, discoveries 
and Works directly relating to Executive's activities while working for the 
Company and developed by him, alone or with others, within one (1) year 
after termination of Executive's employment may have been developed in 
significant part while employed by the Company. Accordingly, Executive 
agrees that such ideas, improvements, inventions, discoveries and Works, if 
directly related to any of the business activities or computer software or 
software development of the Company, if developed during Executive's 
employment with the Company and shall be and hereby are assigned in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions, unless Executive receives prior 
written consent from the Company otherwise. 11. Severability. In the event 
that Sections 8, 9 or 10 shall be found by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable as written as a matter of law, 
the parties hereto agree that such court(s) may exercise its discretion in 
reforming such provision(s) to the 11 end that Executive shall be subject 
to noncompetition, nondisclosure, nonsolicitation/ noninterference and 
intellectual property ownership covenants that are reasonable under the 
circumstances and enforceable by the Company. 12. Acknowledgment. Executive 
specifically acknowledges that the covenants set forth herein restricting 
competition, disclosure and solicitation/interference are reasonable, 
appropriate and necessary as to duration, scope and geographic area in view 
of the nature of the relationship between Executive and the Company and the 
investment by the Company of significant time and resources in the 
training, development and employment of Executive. Executive warrants and 
represents that in the event that any of the restrictions set forth in 
these covenants become operative, he will be able to engage in other 
activities for the purpose of earning a livelihood, and shall not be 
impaired by these restrictions. Executive further acknowledges that the 
remedy at law for any breach of these covenants, including monetary damages 
to which the Company may be entitled, may be inadequate and that the 
Company, its successors and assigns, shall be entitled to injunctive relief 
against any breach without bond. Such injunctive relief shall not be 
exclusive, but shall be in addition to any other rights or remedies which 
the Company may have for any such breach. Executive acknowledges and agrees 
that the references in the foregoing Sections 8, 9 and 10 to the "Company" 
are intended to be applicable to, and for the benefit of, any affiliated 
entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company, 
and such term for all purposes thereof shall include any such entities. 13. 
Limitation of Payment. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the 
contrary, if receipt of any of the benefits hereunder would subject the 
Executive to tax or penalties under Section 4999 or 409(A) of the Code 
(hereafter "Section 4999" or "409(A)"), the 12 Company shall promptly pay 
to the Executive a "gross up" amount that would allow the Executive to 
receive the net after-tax amount he would have received but for the 
application of said Section 4999 or 409(A) to any payments hereunder, 
including any payments made pursuant to this Section 13. 14. Governing Law. 
This Agreement shall be governed and performed in accordance with, and only 
to the extent permitted by, the laws of the State of Connecticut applicable 
to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such State of 
Connecticut. 15. Assignment. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, 
and shall be binding upon, the Company, its successors and assigns. 
Executive shall not assign this Agreement to any other party without the 
prior written consent of the Company. 16. Entire Agreement; Amendments; 
Waivers. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties 
hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and replaces or supersedes 
any previous agreements (written or oral), letters, offers, term sheets or 
other communication between the Company and Executive on such subject 
matter. It may not be changed orally, but only by agreement, in writing, 
signed by each of the parties hereto. The terms or covenants of this 
Agreement may be waived only be a written instrument specifically referring 
to this Agreement, executed by the party waiving compliance. The failure of 
the Company at any time, or from time to time, to require performance of 
any of Executive's obligations under this Agreement shall in no manner 
affect the Company's right to enforce any provisions of this Agreement at a 
subsequent time, and the waiver by the Company of any right arising out of 
any breach shall not be construed as a waiver of any right arising out of 
any subsequent breach. 17. Certain Definitions. The following terms when 
used in this Agreement shall have the meanings as set forth below: 13 A. 
"Change of Control" shall mean the occurrence of any one of the following 
events: a. (i) The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company 
with any other corporation or entity, other than a merger or consolidation 
which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding and 
owned by the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto 
continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being 
converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) more than fifty 
percent (50%) of the combined voting power of the voting securities of the 
Company or such surviving entity, as applicable, outstanding and owned by 
such holders immediately after such merger or consolidation; or (ii) Any 
"person" (as defined in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) is or becomes the "beneficial 
owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or 
indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50%) 
or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding 
securities; provided that a Change of Control shall not be deemed to occur 
under this clause by reason of the acquisition of securities by the Company 
or any of its subsidiaries or an employee benefit plan (or any trust 
funding such a plan) maintained by the Company. B. "Benefits Continuation" 
shall mean for the referenced period of time following the date of 
Executive's termination of employment with the Company or determination of 
Disability, 14 that the Company shall provide or otherwise make available 
to Executive, an election (with respect to health and/or dental coverage 
under the Company's group health plan or under continuation coverage 
provisions of ERISA and the Code or under an individual paid plan) to 
ensure continued health insurance coverage either individually or under the 
Company's health, dental or other benefit plans and term life insurance 
benefit (collectively, the "Continuation Plans") on not less than the same 
financial or other terms and conditions as previously were in place for 
Executive. The cost to Executive of including Executive, his spouse and his 
dependents in any Continuation Plans shall be no more than that previously 
paid by the Executive and may be deducted from any regular payments made to 
Executive under this Agreement. If at any time, the Company is precluded by 
the terms of any of the Continuation Plans from providing such coverage to 
Executive, his spouse, or his dependents, for reasons to be beyond the 
control of the Company, such coverage shall be provided by any other 
available means and the Executive, his spouse and his dependents shall be 
entitled to continuation of coverage pursuant to any statutory rights 
Executive, his spouse or his dependents may then have under the group 
health plan continuation coverage provisions of ERISA and the Code, or 
otherwise, at the Company's expense. The prior provisions notwithstanding, 
the right of Executive, his spouse or dependents, to coverage as provided 
by the group health plan continuation coverage provisions of ERISA and the 
Code or otherwise shall be deemed to run concurrently with the continuation 
of health and/or dental benefits under the first sentence of this 
paragraph. Any expense incurred by Executive, legal or otherwise, incurred 
to enforce this or other provision of this Agreement, shall be paid by the 
Company. Notwithstanding any other provision in this definition of benefits 
continuation to the contrary, the Company shall pay for all 15 benefits to 
be continued at the same level as of the date of termination and for the 
period of benefit continuation. C. "Disability" shall mean Executive's 
ongoing inability, due to a mental or physical condition, to continue to 
provide services to the Company substantially consistent with past 
practice, as evidenced by a written certification as to such condition from 
a physician to Executive and subject to the approval of the Company's 
Board, with the Board members using reasonable good faith judgment as to 
the disability. D. "For Cause" shall mean any of the following: (i) a 
conviction of: theft from the Company, fraud, embezzlement, or any other 
felony which affects the Company, not adhering to the written instructions 
of the Board (excepting where a Change of Control has occurred), (ii) the 
violation of Sections 8, 9 or 10 or any other provision of this Agreement 
or of any other written agreement with the Company, which is not cured in 
all material respects within thirty (30) days after the Board gives written 
notice thereof to the Executive; or (iii) commission by the Executive, when 
carrying out the Executive's duties under this Agreement, of acts or the 
omission of any act, which constitutes willful misconduct against the 
Company, which is not cured, if possible to be cured, in all material 
respects within thirty (30) days after the Board gives written notice 
thereof to the Executive. E. "Resignation for Good Reason After a Change in 
Control" shall mean the resignation by Executive of his employment with the 
Company as a result of the occurrence of any significant reduction in the 
position or authority of the Executive, any significant reduction in the 
Executive's responsibilities or duties for the Company, any adverse change 
or reduction in the Executive's benefits, perquisites or fringe benefits 
provided to the Executive as of the date of 16 this Agreement (provided 
that any reduction in such aggregate Executive benefits, perquisites or 
fringe benefits that is required by law shall not constitute "Good Reason" 
as defined herein), any attempted relocation of the Executive's principal 
place of work with the Company without Executive's written waiver of this 
provision, to a place more than twenty-five (25) miles from the Company's 
current headquarters facility or the breach or default by the Company of 
any of its agreements or obligations under any provision of this Agreement. 
The Executive shall give written notice to the Company on or before the 
date of termination of employment for Good Reason specifying the reasons 
for such termination. F. "Direct Report" or "direct report" shall mean the 
Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 18. Limitation on claims. Not with 
standing, any provision in this agreement to the contrary including but not 
limited to the sections 8 through 12 unless Company suffers any actual 
material loss as a result of any action by the Executive no claim shall be 
made against Executive. Further, any claim under this provision must be 
instituted within two years after the termination of this agreement. 19. 
Health Insurance. It is recognized that Executive is entitled to health 
insurance and that full coverage for executive and his family shall be made 
available commencing January 1, 2008 and thereafter and for all purposes 
under this agreement it shall be deemed that executive had health insurance 
benefit as of the date of execution hereof. Meaning and intending to accord 
executive with benefits continuation at the cost and expense of the Company 
after termination of this agreement whenever applicable. 20. Headings. The 
headings in this Agreement are intended solely for convenience of reference 
and shall be given no effect in the construction or interpretation of this 
Agreement. 17 21. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple 
counterparts each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same document. [Signature Page 
Follows] 18 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this 
Agreement as of the date first above written. RedRoller, Inc. "Company" By: 
/s/ Robert J. Crowell --------------------------- Name: Robert J. Crowell 
Title: Chairman of Board "Executive" /s/ Jason T. Ordway 
------------------------------- Jason T. Ordway 19 EXHIBIT A RELEASE 
AGREEMENT This RELEASE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is entered into as of 
the ___ day of ________, _______ (the "Effective Date") by and between 
RedRoller, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, and Jason T. 
Ordway ("Executive"). WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, Executive and the Company have 
entered into a certain Employment Agreement dated as of (the "Employment 
Agreement"); and WHEREAS, Executive is entitled to certain severance 
payments and other benefits under the Employment Agreement, pursuant to 
which payment of the severance payments and other benefits is made 
conditional upon and in consideration for Executive's valid execution of a 
Release Agreement, all as more completely described in the Employment 
Agreement (Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the Employment Agreement.). NOW THEREFORE, to 
induce the Company to make the severance payments and provide the other 
benefits pursuant to the Employment Agreement, and for other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Company and Executive agree as follows: 1. Release. 
Executive does hereby, for Executive and for Executive's heirs, executors, 
successors and assigns, release and forever discharge the Company, and the 
subsidiaries, divisions and affiliated businesses of the Company, together 
with all of their officers, directors, management, representatives, 
employees, shareholders, agents, successors, assigns, attorneys and other 
affiliated persons, both known and unknown, in both their personal and 
agency capacities (collectively, the "Releasees"), of and from any and all 
claims, demands, actions or causes of action, damages, or suits at law or 
equity, of whatsoever kind or nature, including, but not limited to, all 
claims and/or demands for back pay, reinstatement, hire or rehire, front 
pay, group insurance or employee benefits of whatsoever kind (except as to 
rights expressly provided for herein and in the Employment Agreement), 
claims for monies and/or expenses, any claims arising out of or relating to 
the cessation of Executive's employment with the Company, the sale of the 
stock or assets of the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries, any claims 
for failing to obtain employment at any other company or with any other 
person or employer, and/or demands for attorneys' fees and legal expenses 
that Executive has or may have by reason of any matter or thing arising out 
of, or in any way connected with, directly or indirectly, any act and/or 
omission that has occurred prior to the date of this Agreement. Executive 
further agrees not to directly or indirectly pursue or initiate any action 
or legal proceeding of any kind against the Releasees arising out of or 
related to the claims released in the preceding sentence of this Section 1, 
including but not limited to the sale of the stock or assets of the Company 
and/or any of its subsidiaries and also waives any right to recover as a 
result of any such proceedings initiated on Executive's behalf. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive and the Company agree and 
acknowledge that this Release shall not apply to the obligations of the 
Company arising solely under this Agreement or under the Employment 
Agreement. 2. ADEA. Executive recognizes and understands that, by executing 
this Agreement, Executive shall be releasing the Releasees from any and all 
claims that Executive now has, or subsequently may have, under the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, 29 U.S.C. ss.ss.621 et seq., as 
amended (the "ADEA"), by reason of any matter or thing arising out of, or 
in any way connected with, directly or indirectly, any acts or omissions 
which have occurred prior to and including the Effective Date of this 
Agreement. In other words, Executive will have none of the legal rights 
against the aforementioned Releasees that Executive would have had 
otherwise under federal age discrimination law by signing this Agreement. 
3. Consideration Period. The Company hereby notifies Executive of his right 
to consult with Executive's chosen legal counsel before executing this 
Agreement. The Company shall afford, and Executive acknowledges receiving, 
not less than twenty-one (21) calendar days in which to consider this 
Agreement to insure that Executive's execution of this Agreement is knowing 
and voluntary. In signing below, Executive expressly acknowledges that 
Executive has had at least twenty-one (21) days to consider this Agreement 
and that Executive's execution of same is with full knowledge of the 
consequences thereof and is of Executive's own free will. If Executive 
signs this Agreement before the twenty-one (21) day period has expired, 
then he understands that he has waived the twenty-one (21) day period for 
consideration. 4. Revocation Period. Executive and the Company agree and 
recognize that, for a period of seven (7) calendar days following 
Executive's execution of this Agreement (the "Revocation Period"), 
Executive may revoke this Agreement by providing written notice revoking 
the same, within the Revocation Period, to the Company, 50 Day Street, 
Norwalk, CT 06854, Attn: Chief Financial Officer. Such revocation of this 
Agreement by Executive will automatically revoke the severance payments 
provided for in the Employment Agreement and Executive will not be entitled 
to any of the severance payments described therein. [Signature Page 
Follows] A-2 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Executive and the Company have executed 
this Agreement effective and binding as of the Effective Date. AGREED TO 
AND ACCEPTED BY EXECUTIVE -------------------------------- 
-------------------------------- Date of Execution by Executive Jason T. 
Ordway Execution witnessed by: AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY THE COMPANY 
RedRoller, Inc. -------------------------------- Date of Execution by the 
Company By: ----------------------------- Name: --------------------------- 
Title: -------------------------- Execution witnessed by: 
-------------------------------- 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
RECEIPT ACKNOWLEDGED BY EXECUTIVE ---------------------------- 
-------------------------------- Date of Receipt by Executive Jason T. 
Ordway Receipt witnessed by: -------------------------------- A-3