 EX-10 2 ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
AMENDMENT TO OPTION AGREEMENT

THIS AMENDMENT TO OPTION AGREEMENT (this “Amendment Agreement”) is made as 
of the 8th day of November, 2007.

BETWEEN:

        SAN JUAN CORP., a company incorporated under the laws of Colorado
        and having an office at 645 Water Street, Silver Plume, Colorado,
        U.S.A. 80476

        (“San Juan”)

        TODD C. HENNIS, a private individual, resident at 414 Butte
        Parkway, Golden, Colorado 80403

        (“Hennis”)

        (San Juan and Hennis hereinafter referred to collectively as the “
        Optionors”)

AND:

        COLORADO GOLDFIELDS INC. (formerly, GARPA RESOURCES, INC.), a
        company incorporated under the laws of Nevada and having an office
        at Suite 207 - 10920 W. Alamada Avenue
        Lakewood, CO 80226

        (“Optionee”)

RECITALS:

A.           The Optionors and the Optionee entered into an Option 
Agreement dated June 17, 2007 (the “Option Agreement”) whereby the Optionee 
was granted the exclusive right and option (the “Option”) to acquire up to 
an undivided eighty percent (80%) right, title and interest in and to the 
Properties on the terms and conditions set forth in the Option Agreement;

B.           Under the terms of the Option Agreement, the Option is 
exercisable by the Optionee in stages, whereby the Optionee may earn:

 
(i)
an initial undivided forty percent (40%) interest in the Properties upon 
incurring certain prescribed Expenditures on the Properties,

 
(ii)
an additional twenty percent (20%) interest in the Properties, for an 
aggregate of sixty percent (60%) interest in the Properties (the “60% 
Option”), upon the issuance of a prescribed number of shares of the 
Optionee to the Optionors and incurring certain prescribed Expenditures on 
the Properties, and

 
(iii)
an additional twenty percent (20%) interest in the Properties, for an 
aggregate of eighty percent (80%) interest in the Properties (the “80% 
Option”), upon the issuance of a

         
CW1498072.1

         

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
- 2 -
 

         

        prescribed number of shares of the Optionee to the Optionors and
        incurring certain prescribed Expenditures on the Properties; and

C.           The Optionors and the Optionee wish to amend the terms of the 
Option to reduce the amount of Expenditures the Optionee must incur in 
order to earn the 60% Option and the 80% Option, on the terms set forth 
herein.

NOW THEREFORE, for and in consideration of premises and of the mutual 
covenants and representations of the parties herein contained, and for 
other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which 
is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:
1.
All capitalized terms not specifically defined herein have the meanings 
ascribed to them in the Option Agreement.
2.
Paragraph 3.4(a) of the Option Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety 
and replaced with the following:

    “(a)     the Optionee will incur additional Expenditures of not less
    than THREE MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($3,500,000) on the
    Properties on or before the seven and a half (7.5th) anniversary of the
    Effective Date; and”
3.
Paragraph 3.5(a) of the Option Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety 
and replaced with the following:

    “(a)     the Optionee will incur additional Expenditures of not less
    than THREE MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS ($3,500,000) on the
    Properties on or before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Effective
    Date; and”
4.
From and after the date hereof, all references to the “Agreement” in the 
Option Agreement hereby refer to the Option Agreement as amended herein.
5.
The Option Agreement will be deemed to be amended in all manners and 
respects in order to give full force and effect to this Amendment Agreement 
and, in all other respects, the Option Agreement will remain unchanged and 
in full force and effect.
6.
The Recitals to this Amendment Agreement are acknowledged by the parties 
hereto to be true and correct and are incorporated into this Amendment 
Agreement by this reference.
7.
This Amendment Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of 
which will be deemed to be an original and all of which will together 
constitute one and the same instrument. An electronic facsimile 
transmission hereof signed by any person named below will be sufficient to 
establish the signature of that person and to constitute the consent in 
writing of that person to the matters contained herein and, notwithstanding 
the date of execution, shall be deemed to be executed as of the date set 
forth herein.
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
- 3 -
 
 
8.
This Amendment Agreement shall enure to the benefit of and be binding upon 
the parties hereto, and as applicable, their respective heirs, executors, 
personal representatives, successors and assigns.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Amendment Agreement as of 
the date first set forth above.

SAN JUAN CORP.
 
Per: /s/ Todd Hennis
 
Todd Hennis, President


 

/s/ Todd Hennis
Todd Hennis, Individually


 
COLORADO GOLDFIELDS INC.
 
Per: /s/ Todd Hennis
 
Authorized Signatory


 
 
 
CW1498072.12
 
 
 