 EX-10.1 10 exh10-1.txt Management Entrustment Agreement This Agreement is 
made and entered into on November 8, 2006 in Xi'an City, China, by and 
between the following parties: PARTY A: Xi'an Amorphous Alloy Zhongxi 
Transformer Co., Ltd Registered business address: Xin Yuan Industry Tower, 
No.1 Xin Ke Road, New District, Xi'an City Legal representative: Yongxing 
Song PARTY B: An Sen (Xi'an) Power Science & Technology Co., Ltd. 
Registered business address: No.15 Gaoxin 6 Road, Hi-tech Industries 
Development Zone, Xi'an. P. R. of China Legal representative: Yarong Feng 
WHEREAS: 1. Party A is a joint stock limited company registered in Xi'an 
Shaanxi Province, and legally existing to date. The number of its business 
license is 6101001401860. 2. Party B is a foreign investment enterprise 
incorporated and registered in Xi'an City, Shaanxi Province, People's 
Republic of China, and legally existing to date. The number of its business 
license is: Qi Du Shaan Xi'An Zong Zi Di No. 002433 3. In light of Xi'An 
Amorphous Alloy Science & Technology Co., Ltd, Party A's real owner, 
intention to go public at OTCBB in the United States through Party B's 
parent company, China Power Equipment Inc, ("China Power" hereinafter, a US 
company registered in Maryland), in order to let Party B have actual 
control of Party A and realize the consolidation of financial statements, 
Party A intends to irrevocably entrust to Party B for its management the 
right of operation management of Party A and the responsibilities and 
authorities of the shareholders' meeting and the board of directors of 
Party A. 4. Party B agrees to accept the entrustment of Party A, and to 
exercise the right of operation management of Party A and the 
responsibilities and authorities of the shareholders' meeting and the board 
of directors of Party A. 5. Party A has obtained the approval of its 
shareholders' meeting to enter into this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, through 
friendly consultation, under the principle of equality and mutual benefits, 
in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of the People's 
Republic of China, the parties agree to enter into this Agreement and to be 
bound with the terms and conditions as follows: Article 1 Entrusted 
Operation 1.1 Party A agrees to irrevocably entrust the right of operation 
management of Party A and the responsibilities and authorities of Party A's 
shareholders' meeting and the board of directors to Party B in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Party B agrees to exercise 
the aforesaid rights and responsibilities in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement. 1.2 The term of the entrusted operation is 
from the effective date of this Agreement to the earliest date of the 
following: 1) The termination date of Party A's business; or 2) The 
termination date of the entrusted operation as agreed upon by the parties 
under this Agreement; or 3) The date on which Party B possesses more than 
51% of Party A's shares. 1.3 The purpose of the entrusted operation is: 
Before Party B possesses the controlling stock (more than 51%) of Party A, 
Party B shall be in charge of the normal business operations of Party A and 
perform the responsibilities and rights of Party A's shareholders' meeting 
and the board of directors, and Party A shall pay its profit (if any) to 
Party B and Party B shall be responsible to Party A's loss (if any). During 
the term of the entrusted operation, Party B, as the entrusted manager, 
shall provide full management to Party A's operations. 1.4 The contents of 
the entrusted operation shall include but not limited to the following: 1) 
Party B shall be in charge of all aspects of Party A's operations; nominate 
and replace the members of Party A's board of directors, engage Party A's 
management staff and decide their compensation. 2) Party B shall manage and 
control all the funds of Party A. The account of Party A shall be managed 
and decided solely by Party B. The seals and signatures for such account 
shall be the seals and signatures of the personnel appointed and confirmed 
by Party B. All the cash of Party A shall be kept in this entrusted account 
shall be handled through this account, including but not limited to receipt 
of all Party A's business income, current working capital, recovered 
account receivables, etc., and the payment of all account payables and 
operation expenses, employee salaries and asset purchases, etc. 3) All the 
matters of Party A, including internal financial management, day-to-day 
operation, external contact execution and performance, tax filing and 
payment, change of rights and personnel, etc., shall be controlled and 
managed by Party B in all aspects. 4) Party B shall enjoy all the other 
responsibilities and rights enjoyed by Party A's shareholders' meeting in 
accordance with the Company Law and the articles of association of Party A, 
including but not limited to the following: a. Deciding Party A's operation 
principles and investment plan; b. Discussing and approving the report of 
the board of directors; c. Discussing and approving the report of the 
supervisor; d. Discussing and approving the annual financial budget and 
settlement plan; e. Discussing and approving the profit distribution plan 
and the loss compensation plan; f. Resolving on the increase or decrease of 
the registered capital; g. Resolving on the issuance of the corporate bond; 
h. Resolving on the matters including merger, division, change of corporate 
form, dissolution and liquidation of the company; i. Amending the articles 
of association; j. Other responsibilities and rights provided by Party A's 
articles of association. 5) Party B enjoys all the other responsibilities 
and rights enjoyed by Party A's board of directors in accordance with the 
Company Law and the articles of association of Party A, including but not 
limited to the following: a. Convening the shareholders' meeting and report 
to the shareholders' meeting; b. Executing the resolution of the 
shareholders' meeting; c. Deciding the company's operation plan and 
investment scheme; d. Composing the annual financial budget and settlement 
plan; e. Formulating the profit distribution plan and the loss compensation 
plan; f. Formulating the plans regarding to the increase or decrease of the 
registered capital and the issuance of the corporate bond; g. Formulating 
the plans regarding to the matters including merger, division, change of 
corporate form and dissolution of the company; h. Deciding on the 
establishment of the internal management structure of the company; i. 
Formulating the basic rules and regulations of the company; j. Other 
responsibilities and rights provided by Party A's articles of association 
6) The said entrustment is irrevocable and shall not be withdrawn, unless 
the Agreement is terminated. 1.5 The Fee of Entrusted Operation: For the 
performance of the entrusted matters provided under this Agreement, Party A 
shall pay an entrustment fee to Party B, which shall be Party A's total 
profit (if any) after deduction of necessary expenses. If the net amount is 
zero or negative after the aforesaid calculation, Party A shall not pay any 
entrustment fee, and the loss of the given month shall be deducted in the 
following months' entrustment fee. Party A and Party B shall calculate and 
settle each month's entrustment fee payable by Party A within 10 days after 
the end of that month. 1.6 The Assumption of the Entrustment Risk: Party B 
shall assume all the operation risks in association with the management of 
Party A entrusted to it. Party B shall be responsible for any loss incurred 
to Party A's operation. If Party A's cash is not enough to pay its debt, 
Party B is liable to pay the debt; if the loss leads to a net asset less 
than the registered capital, Party B shall be liable to make up for the 
deficiency. Article 2 Rights and Obligations of the Parties 2.1 During the 
term of the entrusted operation, the rights and obligations of Party A 
shall include: 1) After the execution of this Agreement, the management of 
Party A shall be handed over to Party B. Party A's board of directors 
shall, within 5 days after the effective date of this Agreement, deliver 
Party A's seals and financial materials (including but not limited to 
balance sheet, profit and loss statement, cash flow statement and any 
attachments, relevant right certificates and other proprietary and 
operation documents) to Party B to ensure that Party B could exercise its 
operation management rights in all aspects after taking over the management 
of Party A and could set up financial records accordingly; 2) During the 
term of the entrusted operation, without Party B's consent, Party A and its 
shareholders' meeting and board of directors shall not make any decision on 
Party A's operations, and they shall not intervene with Party B's entrusted 
management activities in any form; 3) During the term of the entrusted 
operation, Party A's board of directors shall have the obligation to 
cooperate with Party B in accordance with Party B's request to ensure the 
stability and consistency of the operation; 4) To entrust the authorities 
of the shareholders' meeting and the board of directors to Party B; 5) To 
timely pay the entrustment fee to Party B; 6) Without Party B's consent, 
Party A shall not entrust any third party other than Party B in any form to 
manage Party A's businesses; 7) The board of directors and shareholders 
meeting of Party A shall issue necessary documents for the purpose of 
accomplishing the management by Party B; 8) Party A shall not unilaterally 
early terminate this Agreement for any reason. 9) Other rights and 
obligations of Party A provided under this Agreement. 2.2 During the term 
of the entrusted operation, the rights and obligations of Party B shall 
include: 1) Party B shall enjoy independent and comprehensive management 
right over Party A's operations; 2) Party B shall have the right to adjust 
the organizational structure and the personnel placement of Party A based 
on the needs of the management; 3) Party B shall have the right to dispose 
of all the assets on the books of Party A on the execution day of this 
Agreement, and Party can B dispose of any of the aforesaid assets without 
any prior consent of Party A; 4) Party B shall be entitled to all of the 
Party A's income after deducting necessary expenses. 5) Party B shall 
timely take over of Party A; 6) Party B shall carry out all the 
responsibilities and rights entrusted to it under this Agreement in good 
faith and with honesty and trustworthiness, and shall pay reasonable 
attention to the entrusted matters and notify Party A timely of relevant 
matters; 7) Party B shall act in good faith and consult with Party A in 
regards to the handling of matters not covered by this Agreement; 8) Other 
obligations shall be performed by Party B under this Agreement. Article 3 
Warranties and Representations Each party shall warrant and represent to 
the other party, on the execution day of this Agreement, that: 1) Each 
party shall have the right to enter into this Agreement, and the ability to 
perform this Agreement; 2) In order to execute and perform this Agreement, 
each party has gone through the necessary internal decision-making 
procedures and obtained the approval; 3) Each party has duly authorized its 
representative to execute this Agreement; 4) Each party shall not have any 
reason of its own that will encumber the effectiveness of this Agreement 
from the effective date and become binding on such party; 5) The execution 
of this Agreement and the performance of the obligations hereunder will 
NOT: a) violate the business license, articles of association or any other 
similar documents of that party; b) violate the laws and regulations of 
China or the government authorization or permit; c) violate any other 
contracts or agreements to which that party is a party (or is bound), or 
lead to that party's breach of contract under such contracts or agreements. 
Article 4 Effect of the Agreement This Agreement shall be valid upon the 
subscription of both parties' legal representatives or duly authorized 
representatives and the affixture of both parties' corporate seals. Article 
5 Liability of Beach of the Agreement After the effectiveness of this 
Agreement, apart from the situation described in Article 6 of this 
Agreement, either party's violation of any provisions under this Agreement 
shall constitute a breach of this Agreement and thus be liable to 
compensate the non-breaching party for any damages that may arise thereof. 
Article 6 Force Majeure Either party's failure to perform the obligations 
or part of the obligations of this Agreement due to a force majeure event 
shall not be deemed as a breach of the agreement; however, the 
non-performing party shall timely provide effective evidence of the force 
majeure event to the other party, and the parties shall discuss a 
settlement plan through consultation. Article 7 The Governing Law The 
execution, effectiveness, interpretation, performance and dispute 
resolution of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws and regulations 
of China. Article 8 Dispute Resolution Any dispute arising under this 
Agreement shall be first settled by the parties through friendly 
consultation. If the dispute cannot be settled through consultation, either 
party is entitled to submit the dispute to the people's court that has 
jurisdiction over the dispute . Article 9 Confidentiality 9.1 The parties 
agree and shall cause their relevant personnel to keep strict confidence of 
all the terms and conditions of this Agreement and all the matters of the 
entrusted operation that have access to. They shall not disclose the 
aforesaid information to any third party unless it is required by the 
explicit provision of law, or the instruction of judicial or governmental 
agencies or with consent of the other party, otherwise, the disclosing 
party shall bear the relevant legal consequences. 9.2 The confidentiality 
obligation of the parties shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
Article 10 Severability of the Clauses 10.1 If any clause of this Agreement 
is invalidated or non-enforceable due to the provisions of laws or 
regulations, this clause is invalid while all other clauses shall remain in 
full force and effect and binding upon both parties. 10.2 In the event the 
aforesaid situation occurs, the parties shall, through friendly 
consultation, agree upon supplemental clause to replace the invalid clause 
at their earliest possible time. Article 11 Non-waiver of Rights 11.1 If 
one party fails or delays to exercise a certain right provided under this 
Agreement, such failure or delay shall not constitute the waiver of such 
right by that party. 11.2 If one party fails to require the other party to 
perform a certain obligation provided under this Agreement, such failure 
shall not constitute the waiver by that party of the right to require the 
other party to perform at a later time. 11.3 If one party violates any 
clause of this Agreement and obtains a waiver of liability from the 
non-violating party, such waiver shall not constitute the waiver of 
liability by the non-violation party over the violations by the other party 
at a later time or of other clauses of this Agreement. Article 12 No 
Transfer Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, without the prior 
written consent of the other party, one party shall not transfer or entrust 
this Agreement or any right or obligation under this Agreement to a third 
party, nor shall one party provide any guarantee to a third party or do 
other similar things. Article 13 Miscellaneous 13.1 Any supplemental 
agreements entered into by the parties after the effective date of this 
Agreement shall be an effective part of this Agreement and have the same 
legal effect as this Agreement. If there is any discrepancy between the 
supplemental agreement and this Agreement, the supplemental agreement shall 
prevail. 13.2 This Agreement is written in Chinese This Agreement is 
executed in six official copies, each party shall have two official copies 
and the remaining shall be retained for the government procedure purpose. 
13.3 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this 
Agreement on this date first above written. (NO CONTEXT BELOW) (SIGNATURE 
PAGE) PARTY A: Xi' an Amorphous Alloy Zhongxi Transformer Co., Ltd Legal 
representative: (or authorized representative) PARTY B: An Sen (Xi'an) 
Power Science & Technology Co., Ltd. Legal representative: (or authorized 
representative)