 EX-10.2 5 dex102.htm GUARANTEE AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT 10.2


GUARANTEE AGREEMENT


IBERIABANK CORPORATION


Dated as of November 9, 2007

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	  	   	Page
   	ARTICLE I 	   	
   	DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 	   	

 SECTION 1.1.

   	

 Definitions and Interpretation

   	1
   	ARTICLE II 	   	
   	POWERS, DUTIES AND RIGHTS OF THE GUARANTEE TRUSTEE 	   	

 SECTION 2.1.

   	

 Powers and Duties of the Guarantee Trustee

   	4

 SECTION 2.2.

   	

 Certain Rights of the Guarantee Trustee

   	5

 SECTION 2.3.

   	

 Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Guarantee

   	7

 SECTION 2.4.

   	

 Events of Default; Waiver

   	7

 SECTION 2.5.

   	

 Events of Default; Notice

   	8
   	ARTICLE III 	   	
   	THE GUARANTEE TRUSTEE 	   	

 SECTION 3.1.

   	

 The Guarantee Trustee; Eligibility

   	8

 SECTION 3.2.

   	

 Appointment, Removal and Resignation of the Guarantee Trustee

   	9
   	ARTICLE IV 	   	
   	GUARANTEE 	   	

 SECTION 4.1.

   	

 Guarantee

   	10

 SECTION 4.2.

   	

 Waiver of Notice and Demand

   	10

 SECTION 4.3.

   	

 Obligations Not Affected

   	10

 SECTION 4.4.

   	

 Rights of Holders

   	11

 SECTION 4.5.

   	

 Guarantee of Payment

   	12

 SECTION 4.6.

   	

 Subrogation

   	12

 SECTION 4.7.

   	

 Independent Obligations

   	12

 SECTION 4.8.

   	

 Enforcement

   	12
   	ARTICLE V 	   	
   	LIMITATION OF TRANSACTIONS; SUBORDINATION 	   	

 SECTION 5.1.

   	

 Limitation of Transactions

   	12

 SECTION 5.2.

   	

 Ranking

   	13
 
-i-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
 
  	   	  	   	Page
   	
ARTICLE VI
TERMINATION
   	

 SECTION 6.1.

   	

 Termination

   	14
   	ARTICLE VII 	   	
   	INDEMNIFICATION 	   	

 SECTION 7.1.

   	

 Exculpation

   	14

 SECTION 7.2.

   	

 Indemnification

   	14

 SECTION 7.3.

   	

 Compensation; Reimbursement of Expenses

   	15
   	ARTICLE VIII 	   	
   	MISCELLANEOUS 	   	

 SECTION 8.1.

   	

 Successors and Assigns

   	16

 SECTION 8.2.

   	

 Amendments

   	16

 SECTION 8.3.

   	

 Notices

   	16

 SECTION 8.4.

   	

 Benefit

   	17

 SECTION 8.5.

   	

 Governing Law

   	17

 SECTION 8.6.

   	

 Counterparts

   	18
 
-ii-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
GUARANTEE AGREEMENT


This GUARANTEE AGREEMENT (the “Guarantee”), dated as of November 9, 2007, 
is executed and delivered by IBERIABANK Corporation, incorporated in 
Louisiana (the “Guarantor”), and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
(the “Guarantee Trustee”), for the benefit of the Holders (as defined 
herein) from time to time of the Capital Securities (as defined herein) of 
IBERIABANK Statutory Trust VI, a Connecticut statutory trust (the 
“Issuer”).


WHEREAS, pursuant to an Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust (the 
“Declaration”), dated as of November 9, 2007, among the trustees named 
therein of the Issuer, the administrators of the Issuer named therein, 
IBERIABANK Corporation, as sponsor, and the Holders from time to time of 
undivided beneficial interests in the assets of the Issuer, the Issuer is 
issuing on the date hereof securities, having an aggregate liquidation 
amount of up to $12,000,000, designated the TP Securities (the “Capital 
Securities”); and


WHEREAS, as incentive for the Holders to purchase the Capital Securities, 
the Guarantor desires irrevocably and unconditionally to agree, to the 
extent set forth in this Guarantee, to pay to the Holders of Capital 
Securities the Guarantee Payments (as defined herein) and to make certain 
other payments on the terms and conditions set forth herein.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the purchase by each Holder of the 
Capital Securities, which purchase the Guarantor hereby agrees shall 
benefit the Guarantor, the Guarantor executes and delivers this Guarantee 
for the benefit of the Holders.



ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION


SECTION 1.1. Definitions and Interpretation.

In this Guarantee, unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) capitalized terms used in this Guarantee but not defined in the 
preamble above have the respective meanings assigned to them in this 
Section 1.1;

(b) a term defined anywhere in this Guarantee has the same meaning 
throughout;

(c) all references to “the Guarantee” or “this Guarantee” are to this 
Guarantee as modified, supplemented or amended from time to time;

(d) all references in this Guarantee to Articles and Sections are to 
Articles and Sections of this Guarantee, unless otherwise specified;

(e) terms defined in the Declaration as of the date of execution of this 
Guarantee have the same meanings when used in this Guarantee, unless 
otherwise defined in this Guarantee or unless the context otherwise 
requires; and

(f) a reference to the singular includes the plural and vice versa.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Beneficiaries” means any Person to whom the Issuer is or hereafter becomes 
indebted or liable.


“Corporate Trust Office” means the office of the Guarantee Trustee at which 
the corporate trust business of the Guarantee Trustee shall, at any 
particular time, be principally administered.


“Covered Person” means any Holder of Capital Securities.


“Debentures” means the junior subordinated debentures of IBERIABANK 
Corporation, designated the Junior Subordinated Debt Securities due 2037, 
held by the Institutional Trustee (as defined in the Declaration) of the 
Issuer.


“Event of Default” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4.


“Guarantee Payments” means the following payments or distributions, without 
duplication, with respect to the Capital Securities, to the extent not paid 
or made by the Issuer: (i) any accrued and unpaid Distributions (as defined 
in the Declaration) which are required to be paid on such Capital 
Securities to the extent the Issuer has funds available in the Property 
Account (as defined in the Declaration) therefor at such time, (ii) the 
Redemption Price (as defined in the Indenture) to the extent the Issuer has 
funds available in the Property Account therefor at such time, with respect 
to any Capital Securities called for redemption by the Issuer, (iii) the 
Special Redemption Price (as defined in the Indenture) to the extent the 
Issuer has funds available in the Property Account therefor at such time, 
with respect to Capital Securities called for redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Special Event (as defined in the Indenture), and (iv) upon 
a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or 
termination of the Issuer (other than in connection with the distribution 
of Debentures to the Holders of the Capital Securities in exchange therefor 
as provided in the Declaration), the lesser of (a) the aggregate of the 
liquidation amount and all accrued and unpaid Distributions on the Capital 
Securities to the date of payment, to the extent the Issuer has funds 
available in the Property Account therefor at such time, and (b) the amount 
of assets of the Issuer remaining available for distribution to Holders in 
liquidation of the Issuer after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors of 
the Issuer as required by applicable law (in either case, the “Liquidation 
Distribution”).


“Guarantee Trustee” means U.S. Bank National Association, until a Successor 
Guarantee Trustee has been appointed and has accepted such appointment 
pursuant to the terms of this Guarantee and thereafter means each such 
Successor Guarantee Trustee.


“Holder” means any holder, as registered on the books and records of the 
Issuer, of any Capital Securities; provided, however, that, in determining 
whether the holders of the requisite percentage of Capital Securities have 
given any request, notice, consent or waiver hereunder, “Holder” shall not 
include the Guarantor or any Affiliate of the Guarantor.


“Indemnified Person” means the Guarantee Trustee (including in its 
individual capacity), any Affiliate of the Guarantee Trustee, or any 
officers, directors, shareholders, members, partners, employees, 
representatives, nominees, custodians or agents of the Guarantee Trustee.
 
- 2 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Indenture” means the Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2007, between the 
Guarantor and U.S. Bank National Association, not in its individual 
capacity but solely as trustee, and any indenture supplemental thereto 
pursuant to which the Debentures are to be issued to the Institutional 
Trustee of the Issuer.


“Liquidation Distribution” has the meaning set forth in the definition of 
“Guarantee Payments” herein.


“Majority in liquidation amount of the Capital Securities” means Holder(s) 
of outstanding Capital Securities, voting together as a class, but 
separately from the holders of Common Securities, of more than 50% of the 
aggregate liquidation amount (including the stated amount that would be 
paid on redemption, liquidation or otherwise, plus accrued and unpaid 
Distributions to, but excluding, the date upon which the voting percentages 
are determined) of all Capital Securities then outstanding.


“Obligations” means any costs, expenses or liabilities (but not including 
liabilities related to taxes) of the Issuer, other than obligations of the 
Issuer to pay to holders of any Trust Securities the amounts due such 
holders pursuant to the terms of the Trust Securities.


“Officer’s Certificate” means, with respect to any Person, a certificate 
signed by one Authorized Officer of such Person. Any Officer’s Certificate 
delivered with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided 
for in this Guarantee shall include:

(a) a statement that each officer signing the Officer’s Certificate has 
read the covenant or condition and the definitions relating thereto;

(b) a brief statement of the nature and scope of the examination or 
investigation undertaken by each officer in rendering the Officer’s 
Certificate;

(c) a statement that each such officer has made such examination or 
investigation as, in such officer’s opinion, is necessary to enable such 
officer to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant 
or condition has been complied with; and

(d) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such officer, such 
condition or covenant has been complied with.


“Person” means a legal person, including any individual, corporation, 
estate, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, 
limited liability company, trust, unincorporated association, or government 
or any agency or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity of 
whatever nature.


“Responsible Officer” means, with respect to the Guarantee Trustee, any 
officer within the Corporate Trust Office of the Guarantee Trustee with 
direct responsibility for the administration of any matters relating to 
this Guarantee, including any vice president, any assistant vice president, 
any secretary, any assistant secretary, the treasurer, any assistant 
treasurer, any trust officer or other officer of the Corporate Trust Office 
of the Guarantee Trustee customarily performing functions similar to those 
performed by any of the above designated
 
- 3 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
officers and also means, with respect to a particular corporate trust 
matter, any other officer to whom such matter is referred because of that 
officer’s knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject.


“Successor Guarantee Trustee” means a successor Guarantee Trustee 
possessing the qualifications to act as Guarantee Trustee under Section 
3.1.


“Trust Securities” means the Common Securities and the Capital Securities.



ARTICLE II
POWERS, DUTIES AND RIGHTS OF THE GUARANTEE TRUSTEE


SECTION 2.1. Powers and Duties of the Guarantee Trustee.

(a) This Guarantee shall be held by the Guarantee Trustee for the benefit 
of the Holders of the Capital Securities, and the Guarantee Trustee shall 
not transfer this Guarantee to any Person except a Holder of Capital 
Securities exercising his or her rights pursuant to Section 4.4(b) or to a 
Successor Guarantee Trustee on acceptance by such Successor Guarantee 
Trustee of its appointment to act as Successor Guarantee Trustee. The 
right, title and interest of the Guarantee Trustee shall automatically vest 
in any Successor Guarantee Trustee, and such vesting and cessation of title 
shall be effective whether or not conveyancing documents have been executed 
and delivered pursuant to the appointment of such Successor Guarantee 
Trustee.

(b) If an Event of Default actually known to a Responsible Officer of the 
Guarantee Trustee has occurred and is continuing, the Guarantee Trustee 
shall enforce this Guarantee for the benefit of the Holders of the Capital 
Securities.

(c) The Guarantee Trustee, before the occurrence of any Event of Default 
and after the curing or waiving of all Events of Default that may have 
occurred, shall undertake to perform only such duties as are specifically 
set forth in this Guarantee, and no implied covenants shall be read into 
this Guarantee against the Guarantee Trustee. In case an Event of Default 
has occurred (that has not been cured or waived pursuant to Section 2.4(b)) 
and is actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Guarantee Trustee, 
the Guarantee Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested 
in it by this Guarantee, and use the same degree of care and skill in its 
exercise thereof, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the 
circumstances in the conduct of his or her own affairs.

(d) No provision of this Guarantee shall be construed to relieve the 
Guarantee Trustee from liability for its own negligent action, its own 
negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, except that:

(i) prior to the occurrence of any Event of Default and after the curing or 
waiving of all Events of Default that may have occurred:

(A) the duties and obligations of the Guarantee Trustee shall be determined 
solely by the express provisions of this Guarantee, and the
 
- 4 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guarantee Trustee shall not be liable except for the performance of such 
duties and obligations as are specifically set forth in this Guarantee, and 
no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Guarantee 
against the Guarantee Trustee; and

(B) in the absence of bad faith on the part of the Guarantee Trustee, the 
Guarantee Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements 
and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon any 
certificates or opinions furnished to the Guarantee Trustee and conforming 
to the requirements of this Guarantee; but in the case of any such 
certificates or opinions furnished to the Guarantee Trustee, the Guarantee 
Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or 
not on their face they conform to the requirements of this Guarantee;

(ii) the Guarantee Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment 
made in good faith by a Responsible Officer of the Guarantee Trustee, 
unless it shall be proved that such Responsible Officer of the Guarantee 
Trustee or the Guarantee Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the 
pertinent facts upon which such judgment was made;

(iii) the Guarantee Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action 
taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the 
written direction of the Holders of not less than a Majority in liquidation 
amount of the Capital Securities relating to the time, method and place of 
conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Guarantee 
Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Guarantee 
Trustee under this Guarantee; and

(iv) no provision of this Guarantee shall require the Guarantee Trustee to 
expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur personal financial 
liability in the performance of any of its duties or in the exercise of any 
of its rights or powers, if the Guarantee Trustee shall have reasonable 
grounds for believing that the repayment of such funds is not reasonably 
assured to it under the terms of this Guarantee, or security and indemnity, 
reasonably satisfactory to the Guarantee Trustee, against such risk or 
liability is not reasonably assured to it.


SECTION 2.2. Certain Rights of the Guarantee Trustee.

(a) Subject to the provisions of Section 2.1:

(i) The Guarantee Trustee may conclusively rely, and shall be fully 
protected in acting or refraining from acting upon, any resolution, 
certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, 
direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of 
indebtedness or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to 
have been signed, sent or presented by the proper party or parties.

(ii) Any direction or act of the Guarantor contemplated by this Guarantee 
shall be sufficiently evidenced by an Officer’s Certificate.
 
- 5 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) Whenever, in the administration of this Guarantee, the Guarantee 
Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established 
before taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, the Guarantee 
Trustee (unless other evidence is herein specifically prescribed) may, in 
the absence of bad faith on its part, request and conclusively rely upon an 
Officer’s Certificate of the Guarantor which, upon receipt of such request, 
shall be promptly delivered by the Guarantor.

(iv) The Guarantee Trustee shall have no duty to see to any recording, 
filing or registration of any instrument or other writing (or any 
rerecording, refiling or reregistration thereof).

(v) The Guarantee Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection, and 
the advice or opinion of such counsel with respect to legal matters shall 
be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action 
taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance 
with such advice or opinion. Such counsel may be counsel to the Guarantor 
or any of its Affiliates and may include any of its employees. The 
Guarantee Trustee shall have the right at any time to seek instructions 
concerning the administration of this Guarantee from any court of competent 
jurisdiction.

(vi) The Guarantee Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of 
the rights or powers vested in it by this Guarantee at the request or 
direction of any Holder, unless such Holder shall have provided to the 
Guarantee Trustee such security and indemnity, reasonably satisfactory to 
the Guarantee Trustee, against the costs, expenses (including attorneys’ 
fees and expenses and the expenses of the Guarantee Trustee’s agents, 
nominees or custodians) and liabilities that might be incurred by it in 
complying with such request or direction, including such reasonable 
advances as may be requested by the Guarantee Trustee; provided, however, 
that nothing contained in this Section 2.2(a)(vi) shall be taken to relieve 
the Guarantee Trustee, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, of its 
obligation to exercise the rights and powers vested in it by this 
Guarantee.

(vii) The Guarantee Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation 
into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, 
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, 
bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or 
document, but the Guarantee Trustee, in its discretion, may make such 
further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see 
fit.

(viii) The Guarantee Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers 
hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through 
agents, nominees, custodians or attorneys, and the Guarantee Trustee shall 
not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any 
agent or attorney appointed with due care by it hereunder.
 
- 6 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ix) Any action taken by the Guarantee Trustee or its agents hereunder 
shall bind the Holders of the Capital Securities, and the signature of the 
Guarantee Trustee or its agents alone shall be sufficient and effective to 
perform any such action. No third party shall be required to inquire as to 
the authority of the Guarantee Trustee to so act or as to its compliance 
with any of the terms and provisions of this Guarantee, both of which shall 
be conclusively evidenced by the Guarantee Trustee’s or its agent’s taking 
such action.

(x) Whenever in the administration of this Guarantee the Guarantee Trustee 
shall deem it desirable to receive instructions with respect to enforcing 
any remedy or right or taking any other action hereunder, the Guarantee 
Trustee (A) may request instructions from the Holders of a Majority in 
liquidation amount of the Capital Securities, (B) may refrain from 
enforcing such remedy or right or taking such other action until such 
instructions are received and (C) shall be protected in conclusively 
relying on or acting in accordance with such instructions.

(xi) The Guarantee Trustee shall not be liable for any action taken, 
suffered, or omitted to be taken by it in good faith and reasonably 
believed by it to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or 
powers conferred upon it by this Guarantee.

(b) No provision of this Guarantee shall be deemed to impose any duty or 
obligation on the Guarantee Trustee to perform any act or acts or exercise 
any right, power, duty or obligation conferred or imposed on it, in any 
jurisdiction in which it shall be illegal or in which the Guarantee Trustee 
shall be unqualified or incompetent in accordance with applicable law to 
perform any such act or acts or to exercise any such right, power, duty or 
obligation. No permissive power or authority available to the Guarantee 
Trustee shall be construed to be a duty.


SECTION 2.3. Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Guarantee.

The recitals contained in this Guarantee shall be taken as the statements 
of the Guarantor, and the Guarantee Trustee does not assume any 
responsibility for their correctness. The Guarantee Trustee makes no 
representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Guarantee.


SECTION 2.4. Events of Default; Waiver.

(a) An Event of Default under this Guarantee will occur upon the failure of 
the Guarantor to perform any of its payment or other obligations hereunder.

(b) The Holders of a Majority in liquidation amount of the Capital 
Securities may, voting or consenting as a class, on behalf of the Holders 
of all of the Capital Securities, waive any past Event of Default and its 
consequences. Upon such waiver, any such Event of Default shall cease to 
exist, and shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of this 
Guarantee, but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other 
default or Event of Default or impair any right consequent thereon.
 
- 7 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 2.5. Events of Default; Notice.

(a) The Guarantee Trustee shall, within 90 days after the occurrence of an 
Event of Default, transmit by mail, first class postage prepaid, to the 
Holders of the Capital Securities, notices of all Events of Default 
actually known to a Responsible Officer of the Guarantee Trustee, unless 
such defaults have been cured before the giving of such notice; provided, 
however, that the Guarantee Trustee shall be protected in withholding such 
notice if and so long as a Responsible Officer of the Guarantee Trustee in 
good faith determines that the withholding of such notice is in the 
interests of the Holders of the Capital Securities.

(b) The Guarantee Trustee shall not be charged with knowledge of any Event 
of Default unless the Guarantee Trustee shall have received written notice 
thereof from the Guarantor or a Holder of the Capital Securities, or a 
Responsible Officer of the Guarantee Trustee charged with the 
administration of this Guarantee shall have actual knowledge thereof.



ARTICLE III
THE GUARANTEE TRUSTEE


SECTION 3.1. The Guarantee Trustee; Eligibility.

(a) There shall at all times be a Guarantee Trustee which shall:

(i) not be an Affiliate of the Guarantor; and

(ii) be a corporation or national association organized and doing business 
under the laws of the United States of America or any state or territory 
thereof or of the District of Columbia, or Person authorized under such 
laws to exercise corporate trust powers, having a combined capital and 
surplus of at least Fifty Million U.S. Dollars ($50,000,000), and subject 
to supervision or examination by federal, state, territorial or District of 
Columbia authority. If such corporation or national association publishes 
reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the 
requirements of the supervising or examining authority referred to above, 
then, for the purposes of this Section 3.1(a)(ii), the combined capital and 
surplus of such corporation or national association shall be deemed to be 
its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of 
condition so published.

(b) If at any time the Guarantee Trustee shall cease to be eligible to so 
act under Section 3.1(a), the Guarantee Trustee shall immediately resign in 
the manner and with the effect set forth in Section 3.2(c).

(c) If the Guarantee Trustee has or shall acquire any “conflicting 
interest” within the meaning of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act, 
the Guarantee Trustee shall either eliminate such interest or resign to the 
extent and in the manner provided by, and subject to, this Guarantee.
 
- 8 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3.2. Appointment, Removal and Resignation of the Guarantee Trustee
.

(a) Subject to Section 3.2(b), the Guarantee Trustee may be appointed or 
removed without cause at any time by the Guarantor except during an Event 
of Default.

(b) The Guarantee Trustee shall not be removed in accordance with Section 
3.2(a) until a Successor Guarantee Trustee has been appointed and has 
accepted such appointment by written instrument executed by such Successor 
Guarantee Trustee and delivered to the Guarantor.

(c) The Guarantee Trustee appointed to office shall hold office until a 
Successor Guarantee Trustee shall have been appointed or until its removal 
or resignation. The Guarantee Trustee may resign from office (without need 
for prior or subsequent accounting) by an instrument in writing executed by 
the Guarantee Trustee and delivered to the Guarantor, which resignation 
shall not take effect until a Successor Guarantee Trustee has been 
appointed and has accepted such appointment by an instrument in writing 
executed by such Successor Guarantee Trustee and delivered to the Guarantor 
and the resigning Guarantee Trustee.

(d) If no Successor Guarantee Trustee shall have been appointed and 
accepted appointment as provided in this Section 3.2 within 60 days after 
delivery of an instrument of removal or resignation, the Guarantee Trustee 
resigning or being removed may petition any court of competent jurisdiction 
for appointment of a Successor Guarantee Trustee. Such court may thereupon, 
after prescribing such notice, if any, as it may deem proper, appoint a 
Successor Guarantee Trustee.

(e) No Guarantee Trustee shall be liable for the acts or omissions to act 
of any Successor Guarantee Trustee.

(f) Upon termination of this Guarantee or removal or resignation of the 
Guarantee Trustee pursuant to this Section 3.2, the Guarantor shall pay to 
the Guarantee Trustee all amounts owing to the Guarantee Trustee under 
Sections 7.2 and 7.3 accrued to the date of such termination, removal or 
resignation.

(g) Any Person into which the Guarantee Trustee may be merged or converted 
or with which it may be consolidated, or any Person resulting from any 
merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Guarantee Trustee shall be 
a party, or any Person succeeding to all or substantially all of the 
corporate trust business of the Trustee, shall be the successor of the 
Guarantee Trustee hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper or 
any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto; provided, that 
such Person shall be otherwise eligible and qualified under this Article.
 
- 9 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE IV
GUARANTEE


SECTION 4.1. Guarantee.

(a) The Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to pay in full to 
the Holders the Guarantee Payments (without duplication of amounts 
theretofore paid by the Issuer), as and when due, regardless of any defense 
(except as defense of payment by the Issuer), right of set-off or 
counterclaim that the Issuer may have or assert. The Guarantor’s obligation 
to make a Guarantee Payment may be satisfied by direct payment of the 
required amounts by the Guarantor to the Holders or by causing the Issuer 
to pay such amounts to the Holders.

(b) The Guarantor hereby also agrees to assume any and all Obligations of 
the Issuer and in the event any such Obligation is not so assumed, subject 
to the terms and conditions hereof, the Guarantor hereby irrevocably and 
unconditionally guarantees to each Beneficiary the full payment, when and 
as due, of any and all Obligations to such Beneficiaries. This Guarantee is 
intended to be for the Beneficiaries who have received notice hereof.


SECTION 4.2. Waiver of Notice and Demand.

The Guarantor hereby waives notice of acceptance of this Guarantee and of 
any liability to which it applies or may apply, presentment, demand for 
payment, any right to require a proceeding first against the Issuer or any 
other Person before proceeding against the Guarantor, protest, notice of 
nonpayment, notice of dishonor, notice of redemption and all other notices 
and demands.


SECTION 4.3. Obligations Not Affected.

The obligations, covenants, agreements and duties of the Guarantor under 
this Guarantee shall in no way be affected or impaired by reason of the 
happening from time to time of any of the following:

(a) the release or waiver, by operation of law or otherwise, of the 
performance or observance by the Issuer of any express or implied 
agreement, covenant, term or condition relating to the Capital Securities 
to be performed or observed by the Issuer;

(b) the extension of time for the payment by the Issuer of all or any 
portion of the Distributions, Redemption Price, Special Redemption Price, 
Liquidation Distribution or any other sums payable under the terms of the 
Capital Securities or the extension of time for the performance of any 
other obligation under, arising out of, or in connection with, the Capital 
Securities (other than an extension of time for the payment of the 
Distributions, Redemption Price, Special Redemption Price, Liquidation 
Distribution or other sums payable that results from the extension of any 
interest payment period on the Debentures or any extension of the maturity 
date of the Debentures permitted by the Indenture);
 
- 10 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) any failure, omission, delay or lack of diligence on the part of the 
Holders to enforce, assert or exercise any right, privilege, power or 
remedy conferred on the Holders pursuant to the terms of the Capital 
Securities, or any action on the part of the Issuer granting indulgence or 
extension of any kind;

(d) the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, sale of any 
collateral, receivership, insolvency, bankruptcy, assignment for the 
benefit of creditors, reorganization, arrangement, composition or 
readjustment of debt of, or other similar proceedings affecting, the Issuer 
or any of the assets of the Issuer;

(e) any invalidity of, or defect or deficiency in, the Capital Securities;

(f) the settlement or compromise of any obligation guaranteed hereby or 
hereby incurred; or

(g) any other circumstance whatsoever that might otherwise constitute a 
legal or equitable discharge or defense of a guarantor, it being the intent 
of this Section 4.3 that the obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall 
be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances.


There shall be no obligation of the Holders to give notice to, or obtain 
consent of, the Guarantor with respect to the happening of any of the 
foregoing.


SECTION 4.4. Rights of Holders.

(a) The Holders of a Majority in liquidation amount of the Capital 
Securities have the right to direct the time, method and place of 
conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Guarantee Trustee 
in respect of this Guarantee or to direct the exercise of any trust or 
power conferred upon the Guarantee Trustee under this Guarantee; provided, 
however, that (subject to Sections 2.1 and 2.2) the Guarantee Trustee shall 
have the right to decline to follow any such direction if the Guarantee 
Trustee shall determine that the actions so directed would be unjustly 
prejudicial to the Holders not taking part in such direction or if the 
Guarantee Trustee being advised by legal counsel determines that the action 
or proceeding so directed may not lawfully be taken or if the Guarantee 
Trustee in good faith by its board of directors or trustees, executive 
committee or a trust committee of directors or trustees and/or Responsible 
Officers shall determine that the action or proceeding so directed would 
involve the Guarantee Trustee in personal liability.

(b) Any Holder of Capital Securities may institute a legal proceeding 
directly against the Guarantor to enforce the Guarantee Trustee’s rights 
under this Guarantee, without first instituting a legal proceeding against 
the Issuer, the Guarantee Trustee or any other Person. The Guarantor waives 
any right or remedy to require that any such action be brought first 
against the Issuer, the Guarantee Trustee or any other Person before so 
proceeding directly against the Guarantor.
 
- 11 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4.5. Guarantee of Payment.

This Guarantee creates a guarantee of payment and not of collection.


SECTION 4.6. Subrogation.

The Guarantor shall be subrogated to all (if any) rights of the Holders of 
Capital Securities against the Issuer in respect of any amounts paid to 
such Holders by the Guarantor under this Guarantee; provided, however, that 
the Guarantor shall not (except to the extent required by applicable 
provisions of law) be entitled to enforce or exercise any right that it may 
acquire by way of subrogation or any indemnity, reimbursement or other 
agreement, in all cases as a result of payment under this Guarantee, if, 
after giving effect to any such payment, any amounts are due and unpaid 
under this Guarantee. If any amount shall be paid to the Guarantor in 
violation of the preceding sentence, the Guarantor agrees to hold such 
amount in trust for the Holders and to pay over such amount to the Holders.


SECTION 4.7. Independent Obligations.

The Guarantor acknowledges that its obligations hereunder are independent 
of the obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Capital Securities and 
that the Guarantor shall be liable as principal and as debtor hereunder to 
make Guarantee Payments pursuant to the terms of this Guarantee 
notwithstanding the occurrence of any event referred to in subsections (a) 
through (g), inclusive, of Section 4.3 hereof.


SECTION 4.8. Enforcement.

A Beneficiary may enforce the Obligations of the Guarantor contained in 
Section 4.1(b) directly against the Guarantor, and the Guarantor waives any 
right or remedy to require that any action be brought against the Issuer or 
any other person or entity before proceeding against the Guarantor.


The Guarantor shall be subrogated to all rights (if any) of any Beneficiary 
against the Issuer in respect of any amounts paid to the Beneficiaries by 
the Guarantor under this Guarantee; provided, however, that the Guarantor 
shall not (except to the extent required by applicable provisions of law) 
be entitled to enforce or exercise any rights that it may acquire by way of 
subrogation or any indemnity, reimbursement or other agreement, in all 
cases as a result of payment under this Guarantee, if, after giving effect 
to such payment, any amounts are due and unpaid under this Guarantee.



ARTICLE V
LIMITATION OF TRANSACTIONS; SUBORDINATION


SECTION 5.1. Limitation of Transactions.

So long as any Capital Securities remain outstanding, if (a) there shall 
have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default or (b) the Guarantor 
shall have selected an Extension Period as provided in the Declaration and 
such period, or any extension thereof, shall have commenced and be 
continuing, then the Guarantor may not (x) declare or pay any
 
- 12 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
dividends or distributions on, or redeem, purchase, acquire, or make a 
liquidation payment with respect to, any of the Guarantor’s capital stock 
or (y) make any payment of principal of or interest or premium, if any, on 
or repay, repurchase or redeem any debt securities of the Guarantor that 
rank pari passu in all respects with or junior in interest to the 
Debentures (other than (i) payments under this Guarantee, (ii) repurchases, 
redemptions or other acquisitions of shares of capital stock of the 
Guarantor (A) in connection with any employment contract, benefit plan or 
other similar arrangement with or for the benefit of one or more employees, 
officers, directors, or consultants, (B) in connection with a dividend 
reinvestment or stockholder stock purchase plan or (C) in connection with 
the issuance of capital stock of the Guarantor (or securities convertible 
into or exercisable for such capital stock), as consideration in an 
acquisition transaction entered into prior to the occurrence of the Event 
of Default or the applicable Extension Period, (iii) as a result of any 
exchange, reclassification, combination or conversion of any class or 
series of the Guarantor’s capital stock (or any capital stock of a 
subsidiary of the Guarantor) for any class or series of the Guarantor’s 
capital stock or of any class or series of the Guarantor’s indebtedness for 
any class or series of the Guarantor’s capital stock, (iv) the purchase of 
fractional interests in shares of the Guarantor’s capital stock pursuant to 
the conversion or exchange provisions of such capital stock or the security 
being converted or exchanged, (v) any declaration of a dividend in 
connection with any stockholder’s rights plan, or the issuance of rights, 
stock or other property under any stockholder’s rights plan, or the 
redemption or repurchase of rights pursuant thereto, or (vi) any dividend 
in the form of stock, warrants, options or other rights where the dividend 
stock or the stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants, options or 
other rights is the same stock as that on which the dividend is being paid 
or ranks pari passu with or junior to such stock).


SECTION 5.2. Ranking.

This Guarantee will constitute an unsecured obligation of the Guarantor and 
will rank subordinate and junior in right of payment to all present and 
future Senior Indebtedness (as defined in the Indenture) of the Guarantor. 
By their acceptance thereof, each Holder of Capital Securities agrees to 
the foregoing provisions of this Guarantee and the other terms set forth 
herein.


The right of the Guarantor to participate in any distribution of assets of 
any of its subsidiaries upon any such subsidiary’s liquidation or 
reorganization or otherwise is subject to the prior claims of creditors of 
that subsidiary, except to the extent the Guarantor may itself be 
recognized as a creditor of that subsidiary. Accordingly, the Guarantor’s 
obligations under this Guarantee will be effectively subordinated to all 
existing and future liabilities of the Guarantor’s subsidiaries, and 
claimants should look only to the assets of the Guarantor for payments 
thereunder. This Guarantee does not limit the incurrence or issuance of 
other secured or unsecured debt of the Guarantor, including Senior 
Indebtedness of the Guarantor, under any indenture or agreement that the 
Guarantor may enter into in the future or otherwise.
 
- 13 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VI
TERMINATION


SECTION 6.1. Termination.

This Guarantee shall terminate as to the Capital Securities (i) upon full 
payment of the Redemption Price or the Special Redemption Price, as the 
case may be, of all Capital Securities then outstanding, (ii) upon the 
distribution of all of the Debentures to the Holders of all of the Capital 
Securities or (iii) upon full payment of the amounts payable in accordance 
with the Declaration upon dissolution of the Issuer. This Guarantee will 
continue to be effective or will be reinstated, as the case may be, if at 
any time any Holder of Capital Securities must restore payment of any sums 
paid under the Capital Securities or under this Guarantee.



ARTICLE VII
INDEMNIFICATION


SECTION 7.1. Exculpation.

(a) No Indemnified Person shall be liable, responsible or accountable in 
damages or otherwise to the Guarantor or any Covered Person for any loss, 
damage or claim incurred by reason of any act or omission of such 
Indemnified Person in good faith in accordance with this Guarantee and in a 
manner that such Indemnified Person reasonably believed to be within the 
scope of the authority conferred on such Indemnified Person by this 
Guarantee or by law, except that an Indemnified Person shall be liable for 
any such loss, damage or claim incurred by reason of such Indemnified 
Person’s negligence or willful misconduct with respect to such acts or 
omissions.

(b) An Indemnified Person shall be fully protected in relying in good faith 
upon the records of the Issuer or the Guarantor and upon such information, 
opinions, reports or statements presented to the Issuer or the Guarantor by 
any Person as to matters the Indemnified Person reasonably believes are 
within such other Person’s professional or expert competence and who, if 
selected by such Indemnified Person, has been selected with reasonable care 
by such Indemnified Person, including information, opinions, reports or 
statements as to the value and amount of the assets, liabilities, profits, 
losses, or any other facts pertinent to the existence and amount of assets 
from which Distributions to Holders of Capital Securities might properly be 
paid.


SECTION 7.2. Indemnification.

(a) The Guarantor agrees to indemnify each Indemnified Person for, and to 
hold each Indemnified Person harmless against, any and all loss, liability, 
damage, claim or expense incurred without negligence or willful misconduct 
on the part of the Indemnified Person, arising out of or in connection with 
the acceptance or administration of the trust or trusts hereunder, 
including but not limited to the costs and expenses (including reasonable 
legal fees and expenses) of the Indemnified Person defending itself 
against, or investigating, any claim or liability in connection with the 
exercise or performance of any of the Indemnified Person’s powers or duties 
hereunder. The obligation to indemnify as set forth in this Section 7.2 
shall survive the resignation or removal of the Guarantee Trustee and the 
termination of this Guarantee.
 
- 14 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person under this Section 7.2 
of notice of the commencement of any action, such Indemnified Person will, 
if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the Guarantor under 
this Section 7.2, notify the Guarantor in writing of the commencement 
thereof; but the failure so to notify the Guarantor (i) will not relieve 
the Guarantor from liability under paragraph (a) above unless and to the 
extent that the Guarantor did not otherwise learn of such action and such 
failure results in the forfeiture by the Guarantor of substantial rights 
and defenses and (ii) will not, in any event, relieve the Guarantor from 
any obligations to any Indemnified Person other than the indemnification 
obligation provided in paragraph (a) above. The Guarantor shall be entitled 
to appoint counsel of the Guarantor’s choice at the Guarantor’s expense to 
represent the Indemnified Person in any action for which indemnification is 
sought (in which case the Guarantor shall not thereafter be responsible for 
the fees and expenses of any separate counsel retained by the Indemnified 
Person or Persons except as set forth below); provided, however, that such 
counsel shall be satisfactory to the Indemnified Person. Notwithstanding 
the Guarantor’s election to appoint counsel to represent the Indemnified 
Person in any action, the Indemnified Person shall have the right to employ 
separate counsel (including local counsel), and the Guarantor shall bear 
the reasonable fees, costs and expenses of such separate counsel (and local 
counsel), if (i) the use of counsel chosen by the Guarantor to represent 
the Indemnified Person would present such counsel with a conflict of 
interest, (ii) the actual or potential defendants in, or targets of, any 
such action include both the Indemnified Person and the Guarantor and the 
Indemnified Person shall have reasonably concluded that there may be legal 
defenses available to it and/or other Indemnified Persons which are 
different from or additional to those available to the Guarantor, (iii) the 
Guarantor shall not have employed counsel satisfactory to the Indemnified 
Person to represent the Indemnified Person within a reasonable time after 
notice of the institution of such action or (iv) the Guarantor shall 
authorize the Indemnified Person to employ separate counsel at the expense 
of the Guarantor. The Guarantor will not, without the prior written consent 
of the Indemnified Persons, settle or compromise or consent to the entry of 
any judgment with respect to any pending or threatened claim, action, suit 
or proceeding in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be 
sought hereunder (whether or not the Indemnified Persons are actual or 
potential parties to such claim or action) unless such settlement, 
compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of each Indemnified 
Person from all liability arising out of such claim, action, suit or 
proceeding.


SECTION 7.3. Compensation; Reimbursement of Expenses.

Other than as provided in the Fee Agreement of even date herewith between 
the Guarantor, Cohen & Company and the Guarantee Trustee, the Guarantor 
agrees:

(a) to pay to the Guarantee Trustee from time to time such compensation for 
all services rendered by it hereunder as the parties shall agree to from 
time to time (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of 
law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust); and
 
- 15 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to reimburse the 
Guarantee Trustee upon request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements 
and advances incurred or made by it in accordance with any provision of 
this Guarantee (including the reasonable compensation and the expenses and 
disbursements of its agents and counsel), except any such expense, 
disbursement or advance as may be attributable to its negligence or willful 
misconduct.


The provisions of this Section 7.3 shall survive the resignation or removal 
of the Guarantee Trustee and the termination of this Guarantee.



ARTICLE VIII
MISCELLANEOUS


SECTION 8.1. Successors and Assigns.

All guarantees and agreements contained in this Guarantee shall bind the 
successors, assigns, receivers, trustees and representatives of the 
Guarantor and shall inure to the benefit of the Holders of the Capital 
Securities then outstanding. Except in connection with any merger or 
consolidation of the Guarantor with or into another entity or any sale, 
transfer or lease of the Guarantor’s assets or capital stock to another 
entity, in each case to the extent permitted under the Indenture, the 
Guarantor may not assign its rights or delegate its obligations under this 
Guarantee without the prior approval of the Holders of not less than a 
Majority in liquidation amount of the Capital Securities.


SECTION 8.2. Amendments.

Except with respect to any changes that do not adversely affect the rights 
of Holders of the Capital Securities in any material respect (in which case 
no consent of Holders will be required), this Guarantee may be amended only 
with the prior approval of the Holders of not less than a Majority in 
liquidation amount of the Capital Securities. The provisions of the 
Declaration with respect to amendments thereof shall apply equally with 
respect to amendments of the Guarantee.


SECTION 8.3. Notices.


All notices provided for in this Guarantee shall be in writing, duly signed 
by the party giving such notice, and shall be delivered, telecopied or 
mailed by first class mail, as follows:

(a) If given to the Guarantee Trustee, at the Guarantee Trustee’s mailing 
address set forth below (or such other address as the Guarantee Trustee may 
give notice of to the Holders of the Capital Securities):

U.S. Bank National Association
225 Asylum Street, 23rd Floor
Hartford, CT 06103
Attention: Corporate Trust Services
IBERIABANK Statutory Trust VI
 
- 16 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
With a copy to:

U.S. Bank National Association
One Federal Street, 3rd Floor
Boston, MA 02110
Attention: Corporate Trust Services
IBERIABANK Statutory Trust VI
Telecopy: (617) 603-6683
Telephone: (617) 603-6549


(b) If given to the Guarantor, at the Guarantor’s mailing address set forth 
below (or such other address as the Guarantor may give notice of to the 
Holders of the Capital Securities and to the Guarantee Trustee):

IBERIABANK Corporation
200 West Congress Street
Lafayette, Louisiana 70501
Attention: Joseph B. Zanco
Telecopy: (337) 521-4546
Telephone: (337) 521-4028

(c) If given to any Holder of the Capital Securities, at the address set 
forth on the books and records of the Issuer.


All such notices shall be deemed to have been given when received in 
person, telecopied with receipt confirmed, or mailed by first class mail, 
postage prepaid, except that if a notice or other document is refused 
delivery or cannot be delivered because of a changed address of which no 
notice was given, such notice or other document shall be deemed to have 
been delivered on the date of such refusal or inability to deliver.


SECTION 8.4. Benefit.

This Guarantee is solely for the benefit of the Holders of the Capital 
Securities and, subject to Section 2.1(a), is not separately transferable 
from the Capital Securities.


SECTION 8.5. Governing Law.

THIS GUARANTEE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE 
LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES 
THEREOF (OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW).
 
- 17 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 8.6. Counterparts.

This Guarantee may contain more than one counterpart of the signature page 
and this Guarantee may be executed by the affixing of the signature of the 
Guarantor and the Guarantee Trustee to any of such counterpart signature 
pages. All of such counterpart signature pages shall be read as though one, 
and they shall have the same force and effect as though all of the signers 
had signed a single signature page.
 
- 18 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------
THIS GUARANTEE is executed as of the day and year first above written.
 
IBERIABANK CORPORATION,
as Guarantor
By: 	  	

 
Name: 	  	

 
Title: 	  	

 
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Guarantee Trustee
By: 	  	

 
Name: 	  	

 
Title: 	  	

 
 
- 19 -