 EX-10.1 2 a07-29219_1ex10d1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
Hiland Partners, LP
Long-Term Incentive Plan
 
Grant of Phantom Units
 
Grantee:
 
Grant Date:                                       , 200
 
    1.                                       Grant of Phantom Units. Hiland
    Partners GP, LLC (the “Company”) hereby grants to you           
    Phantom Units under the Hiland Partners Long-Term Incentive Plan (the
    “Plan”) on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan,
    which is incorporated herein by reference as a part of this Agreement.
    This grant of Phantom Units does not include tandem DERs. In the event
    of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, the
    Plan shall control. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not
    defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the
    Plan, unless the context requires otherwise.
     
    2.                                       Regular Vesting. Except as
    otherwise provided in Paragraph 3 below, the Phantom Units granted
    hereunder shall vest on the anniversary of the Grant Date as follows:
     
Anniversary of
Grant Date
 
Cumulative
Vested Percentage
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    3.                                       Events Occurring Prior to
    Regular Vesting.
     
        (a)                                  Death or Disability. If your
        employment with the Company terminates as a result of your death or
        a disability that entitles you to benefits under the Company’s
        long-term disability plan, the Phantom Units then held by you
        automatically will become fully vested upon such termination.
         
        (b)                                 By the Company other than for
        Cause. If your employment is terminated by the Company for any
        reason other than “Cause,” as determined by the Company in
        accordance with its employment policies, the Phantom Units then
        held by you automatically will become fully vested upon such
        termination.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (c)                                  Other Terminations. Except as
        provided in Paragraph 2 hereof, if you terminate from the Company
        for any reason other than as provided in Paragraphs 3(a) and (b)
        above, all unvested Phantom Units then held by you automatically
        shall be forfeited without payment upon such termination.
         
        (d)                                 Change of Control. All
        outstanding Phantom Units held by you automatically shall become
        fully vested upon a Change of Control.
         
    For purposes of this Paragraph 3, employment with the Company shall
    include being an employee of or a director or consultant to the Company
    or an Affiliate.
     
    4.                                       Payment. As soon as
    administratively practicable after the vesting of a Phantom Unit, you
    shall be entitled to receive from the Company one Unit; provided,
    however, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, direct that a cash
    payment be made to you in lieu of the delivery of such Unit. Any such
    cash payment shall be equal to the Fair Market Value of the Unit on the
    payment date. If more than one Phantom Unit vests at the same time, the
    Committee may elect to pay such vested Award in Units, cash or any
    combination thereof, in its discretion.
     
    5.                                       Limitations Upon Transfer. All
    rights under this Agreement shall belong to you alone and may not be
    transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated by you in any way
    (whether by operation of law or otherwise), other than by will or the
    laws of descent and distribution and shall not be subject to execution,
    attachment, or similar process. Upon any attempt by you to transfer,
    assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of such rights
    contrary to the provisions in this Agreement or the Plan, or upon the
    levy of any attachment or similar process upon such rights, such rights
    shall immediately become null and void.
     
    6.                                       Restrictions. By accepting
    this grant, you agree that any Units which you may acquire upon payment
    of this award will not be sold or otherwise disposed of in any manner
    which would constitute a violation of any applicable federal or state
    securities laws. You also agree that (i) the certificates representing
    the Units acquired under this award may bear such legend or legends as
    the Committee deems appropriate in order to assure compliance with
    applicable securities laws, (ii) the Company may refuse to register the
    transfer of the Units to be acquired under this award on the transfer
    records of the Partnership if such proposed transfer would in the
    opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Partnership constitute a
    violation of any applicable securities law, and (iii) the Partnership
    may give related instructions to its transfer agent, if any, to stop
    registration of the transfer of the Units to be acquired under this
    award.
     
    7.                                       Withholding of Tax. To  the 
    extent that the grant, vesting or payment of a Phantom Unit results in
    the receipt of compensation by you with respect to which the Company or
    an Affiliate has a tax withholding obligation pursuant to applicable
    law, unless other arrangements have been made by you that are
    acceptable to the Company or such Affiliate, you shall deliver to the
    Company or the Affiliate such amount of money as the Company or the
    Affiliate may require to meet its withholding obligations under such
    applicable law. No payment of a vested Phantom Unit shall be made
    pursuant to this
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Agreement until you have paid or made arrangements approved by the
    Company or the Affiliate to satisfy in full the applicable tax
    withholding requirements of the Company or Affiliate with respect to
    such event.
     
    8.                                       Rights as Unitholder. You, or
    your executor, administrator, heirs, or legatees shall have the right
    to vote and receive distributions on Units and all the other privileges
    of a unitholder of the Partnership only from the date of issuance of a
    Unit certificate in your name representing payment of a vested Phantom
    Unit.
     
    9.                                       Insider Trading Policy. The
    terms of the Company’s Insider Trading Policy are incorporated herein
    by reference. The timing of the delivery of any Units pursuant to a
    vested Phantom Unit shall be subject to and comply with such Policy.
     
    10.                                 Binding Effect. This Agreement
    shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or
    successors of the Company and upon any person lawfully claiming under
    you.
     
    11.                                 Entire Agreement. This Agreement
    constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with regard to the
    subject matter hereof, and contains all the covenants, promises,
    representations, warranties and agreements between the parties with
    respect to the Phantom Units granted hereby. Without limiting the scope
    of the preceding sentence, all prior understandings and agreements, if
    any, among the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof are
    hereby null and void and of no further force and effect. Any
    modification of this Agreement shall be effective only if it is in
    writing and signed by both you and an authorized officer of the
    Company.
     
    12.                                 Governing Law. This grant shall be
    governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of
    Oklahoma, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof.
     
 
Hiland Partners GP, LLC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
Title:
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------