 EX-10.3 6 m0839exhibit103.htm SUBI CERTIFICATE TRANSFER AGREEMENT
EXECUTION COPY


























BMW MANUFACTURING L.P.,
as Transferor,


and


BMW AUTO LEASING LLC,
as Transferee





SUBI CERTIFICATE TRANSFER AGREEMENT


Dated as of November 2, 2007


























------------------------------------------------------------------------

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page


ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS


Section 1.01.
Definitions
2
Section 1.02.
Interpretive Provisions
2


ARTICLE TWO

TRANSFER OF 2007-1 SUBI CERTIFICATE


Section 2.01.
Transfer of 2007-1 SUBI Certificate.
2
Section 2.02.
Representations and Warranties of the Transferor and the Transferee.
3
Section 2.03.
Financing Statement and Books and Records.
6
Section 2.04.
Acceptance by the Transferee
7


ARTICLE THREE

MISCELLANEOUS


Section 3.01.
Amendment
7
Section 3.02.
Governing Law
7
Section 3.03.
Severability
7
Section 3.04.
Binding Effect
7
Section 3.05.
Headings
8
Section 3.06.
Counterparts
8
Section 3.07.
Further Assurances
8
Section 3.08.
Third-Party Beneficiaries
8
Section 3.09.
No Petition
8




------------------------------------------------------------------------

SUBI CERTIFICATE TRANSFER AGREEMENT


This SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2007 (the 
“Agreement”), is between BMW Manufacturing L.P., an Indiana limited 
partnership, as transferor (the “Transferor”), and BMW Auto Leasing LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company, as transferee (the “Transferee”).


RECITALS


WHEREAS, the Transferor as Grantor and UTI Beneficiary and The Bank of New 
York (Delaware), as trustee (the “Vehicle Trustee”), have entered into that 
certain amended and restated trust agreement, dated as of September 27, 
1996, as further amended as of May 25, 2000 and December 1, 2006 (the 
“Vehicle Trust Agreement”), pursuant to which Financial Services Vehicle 
Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (the “Trust”), will take assignments and 
conveyances of and hold in trust various assets (the “Trust Assets”);


WHEREAS, the parties to the Vehicle Trust Agreement supplemented the 
Vehicle Trust Agreement with a supplement, dated as of November 2, 2007 
(together with the Vehicle Trust Agreement, the “SUBI Trust Agreement”), to 
establish one special unit of beneficial interest (the “2007-1 SUBI”);


WHEREAS, in connection with the SUBI Trust Agreement a separate portfolio 
of leases (the “2007-1 Leases”), the vehicles that are leased under the 
2007-1 Leases (the “2007-1 Vehicles”) and certain other related assets of 
the Trust will be allocated to the 2007-1 SUBI, and;


WHEREAS, the Trust has issued to the Transferor a certificate evidencing a 
beneficial interest in the 2007-1 SUBI ( the “2007-1 SUBI Certificate”);


WHEREAS, the Transferor and the Transferee desire to enter into this 
Agreement to provide for the sale by the Transferor to the Transferee, 
without recourse, of all of the Transferor’s right, title and interest in 
and to the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate and the interest in the 2007-1 SUBI 
represented thereby; and


WHEREAS, directly after the sale of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate to the 
Transferee, the Transferee shall sell, transfer and assign all of its right 
to the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate to the BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1 in 
connection with a securitization.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants 
herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows:


ARTICLE ONE

DEFINITIONS


Section 1.01.
Definitions.  Capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined 
shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the SUBI Trust Agreement.


Section 1.02.
Interpretive Provisions.  For all purposes of this Agreement, except as 
otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires, (i) 
terms used in this Agreement include, as appropriate, all genders and the 
plural as well as the singular, (ii) references to words such as “herein”, 
“hereof” and the like shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to 
any particular part, Article or Section within this Agreement, (iii) the 
term “include” and all variations thereof shall mean “include without 
limitation” and (iv) the term “proceeds” shall have the meaning ascribed 
thereto in the UCC.


ARTICLE TWO

TRANSFER OF 2007-1 SUBI CERTIFICATE


Section 2.01.
Transfer of 2007-1 SUBI Certificate.


      (a)
      In consideration of the Transferee’s delivery to, or upon the order
      of, the Transferor of cash in the amount of $1,248,391,261 (the
      “Transfer Price”), the Transferor does hereby absolutely sell,
      transfer, assign and otherwise convey to the Transferee, without
      recourse, and the Transferee does hereby purchase and acquire, as of
      the date set forth above, all of the following (collectively, the
      “Assets”):


            (i)
            all right, title and interest in and to the 2007-1 SUBI
            Certificate and the related interests in the 2007-1 SUBI
            represented thereby, including all monies due and paid thereon
            or in respect thereof;


            (ii)
            the beneficial rights evidenced thereby in any property that
            underlies or may be deemed to secure the respective interests
            in the 2007-1 SUBI represented by the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate;


            (iii)
            all of the Transferor’s rights and benefits, as Holder of the
            2007-1 SUBI Certificate under the Servicing Agreement and the
            SUBI Trust Agreement; and


            (iv)
            all proceeds of the foregoing.


      (b)
      The parties hereto intend that the sale, transfer and assignment of
      the Assets constitute a true sale and assignment of the Assets such
      that any interest in and title to the Assets would not be property of
      the Transferor’s estate in the event the Transferor becomes a debtor
      in a case under any bankruptcy law.  To the extent that the
      conveyance of the Assets hereunder is characterized by a court or
      similar governmental authority as a financing, it is intended by the
      Transferor and the Transferee that the interest conveyed constitute a
      first priority grant of a perfected security interest under the UCC
      as in effect in the State of New York by the Transferor to the
      Transferee to secure the Transfer Price to the Transferor.  The
      Transferor does hereby grant to the Transferee a security interest in
      all of its rights, title and privileges and interest in and to the
      Assets and the parties hereto agree that this Agreement constitutes a
      “security agreement” under all applicable law.


Section 2.02.
Representations and Warranties of the Transferor and the Transferee.


      (a)
      The Transferor hereby represents and warrants to the Transferee as of
      the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date that:


            (i)
            Organization and Good Standing.  The Transferor is a limited
            partnership duly formed, validly existing and in good standing
            under the laws of the State of Indiana, and has power and
            authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as
            such properties are currently owned and such business is
            presently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and shall
            have, power, authority and legal right to acquire, own and sell
            the Assets.


            (ii)
            Due Qualification.  The Transferor is duly qualified to do
            business as a foreign limited partnership in good standing, and
            has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals in all
            jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property or
            the conduct of its business shall require such qualifications,
            except where the failure to have any such license, approval or
            qualification would not have a material adverse effect on the
            condition, financial or otherwise, of the Transferor or would
            not have a material adverse effect on the ability of the
            Transferor to perform its obligations under this Agreement.


            (iii)
            Power and Authority.  The Transferor shall have the power and
            authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry
            out its terms; and the execution, delivery and performance of
            this Agreement shall have been duly authorized by the
            Transferor by all necessary corporate action.


            (iv)
            Binding Obligation.  This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid
            and binding obligation of the Transferor, enforceable against
            it in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may
            be subject to or limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
            reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or other similar laws
            affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights in general and
            by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such
            enforceability shall be considered in a proceeding in equity or
            at law.


            (v)
            No Violation.  The execution, delivery and performance by the
            Transferor of this Agreement and the consummation of the
            transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment
            of the terms hereof shall not conflict with, result in any
            breach of any of the terms and provisions of, nor constitute
            (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, the
            limited partnership agreement of the Transferor, or conflict
            with or breach any of the material terms or provisions of, or
            constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default
            under, any indenture, agreement or other instrument to which
            the Transferor is a party or by which it may be bound or any of
            its properties are subject; nor result in the creation or
            imposition of any lien upon any of its properties pursuant to
            the terms of any material indenture, agreement or other
            instrument (other than this Agreement); nor violate any law or,
            to the knowledge of the Transferor, any order, rule or
            regulation applicable to it or its properties of any court or
            of any federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency
            or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over
            the Transferor or any of its properties.


            (vi)
            No Proceedings.  There are no proceedings or investigations
            pending or, to the knowledge of the Transferor, threatened
            against the Transferor, before any court, regulatory body,
            administrative agency or other tribunal or governmental
            instrumentality (A) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement,
            (B) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the
            transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (C) seeking any
            determination or ruling that, in the reasonable judgment of the
            Transferor, would materially and adversely affect the
            performance by the Transferor of its obligations under this
            Agreement.


            (vii)
            Title to the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate.  Immediately prior to the
            transfer of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate pursuant to this
            Agreement, the Transferor (A) is the true and lawful owner of
            the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate and it has the legal right to
            transfer the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate; (B) has good and valid
            title to the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate and the 2007-1 SUBI
            Certificate is on the date hereof free and clear of all Liens;
            (C) will convey good, valid and indefeasible title to the
            2007-1 SUBI Certificate to the Transferee under this Agreement.


      (b)
      Perfection Representations. The representations, warranties and
      covenants set forth on Schedule I hereto shall be a part of this
      Agreement for all purposes. Notwithstanding any other provision of
      this Agreement or any other Basic Document, the perfection
      representations contained in Schedule I shall be continuing, and
      remain in full force and effect until such time as all obligations
      under the Indenture have been finally and fully paid and performed.
      The parties to this Agreement: (i) shall not waive any of the
      perfection representations contained in Schedule I; (ii) shall
      provide the Rating Agencies with prompt written notice of any breach
      of perfection representations contained in Schedule I; and (iii)
      shall not waive a breach of any of the perfection representations
      contained in Schedule I.


      (c)
      The Transferee hereby represents and warrants to the Transferor as of
      the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date that:


            (i)
            Organization and Good Standing.  The Transferee is a limited
            liability company duly formed, validly existing and in good
            standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, and has power
            and authority to own its properties and to conduct its business
            as such properties are currently owned and such business is
            presently conducted, and had at all relevant times, and shall
            have, power, authority and legal right to acquire, own and sell
            the Assets.


            (ii)
            Due Qualification.  The Transferee is duly qualified to do
            business as a foreign limited liability company in good
            standing, and has obtained all necessary licenses and approvals
            in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of
            property or the conduct of its business shall require such
            qualifications, except where the failure to have any such
            license, approval or qualification would not have a material
            adverse effect on the condition, financial or otherwise, of the
            Transferee or would not have a material adverse effect on the
            ability of the Transferee to perform its obligations under this
            Agreement.


            (iii)
            Power and Authority.  The Transferee shall have the power and
            authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry
            out its terms; and the execution, delivery and performance of
            this Agreement shall have been duly authorized by the
            Transferee by all necessary corporate action.


            (iv)
            Binding Obligation.  This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid
            and binding obligation of the Transferee, enforceable against
            it in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may
            be subject to or limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
            reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or other similar laws
            affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights in general and
            by general principles of equity, regardless of whether such
            enforceability shall be considered in a proceeding in equity or
            at law.


            (v)
            No Violation.  The execution, delivery and performance of this
            Agreement by the Transferee and the consummation of the
            transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the fulfillment
            of the terms hereof shall not conflict with, result in any
            breach of any of the terms and provisions of, nor constitute
            (with or without notice or lapse of time) a default under, the
            limited liability company agreement of the Transferee, or
            conflict with or breach any of the material terms or provisions
            of, or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time) a
            default under, any indenture, agreement or other instrument to
            which the Transferee is a party or by which it may be bound or
            any of its properties are subject; nor result in the creation
            or imposition of any lien upon any of its properties pursuant
            to the terms of any material indenture, agreement or other
            instrument (other than this Agreement); nor violate any law or,
            to the knowledge of the Transferee, any order, rule or
            regulation applicable to it or its properties of any court or
            of any federal or state regulatory body, administrative agency
            or other governmental instrumentality having jurisdiction over
            the Transferee or any of its properties.


            (vi)
            No Proceedings.  There are no proceedings or investigations
            pending or, to the knowledge of the Transferee, threatened
            against the Transferee, before any court, regulatory body,
            administrative agency or other tribunal or governmental
            instrumentality (A) asserting the invalidity of this Agreement,
            (B) seeking to prevent the consummation of any of the
            transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (C) seeking any
            determination or ruling that, in the reasonable judgment of the
            Transferee, would materially and adversely affect the
            performance by the Transferee of its obligations under this
            Agreement.


      (d)
      The representations and warranties set forth in this Section shall
      survive the sale of the Assets by the Transferor to the Transferee
      and the sale of the Assets by the Transferee to the Trust.  Upon
      discovery by the Transferor, the Transferee or the Vehicle Trustee of
      a breach of any of the foregoing representations and warranties, the
      party discovering such breach shall give prompt written notice to the
      others.


Section 2.03.
Financing Statement and Books and Records.


      (a)
      In connection with the conveyance of the Assets hereunder, the
      Transferor agrees that prior to the Closing Date, it will file, at
      its own expense, one or more financing statements with respect to the
      Assets meeting the requirements of applicable state law in such
      manner as necessary to perfect the sale of the Assets to the
      Transferor, and the proceeds thereof (and any continuation statements
      as are required by applicable state law), and to deliver a
      file-stamped copy of each such financing statement (or continuation
      statement) or other evidence of such filings (which may, for purposes
      of this Section, consist of telephone confirmation of such filings
      with the file stamped copy of each such filings to be provided to the
      Transferee in due course), as soon as is practicable after receipt by
      the Transferor thereof.


      (b)
      The Transferor further agrees that it will treat the transfer of the
      Assets as a sale for accounting purposes, take no actions
      inconsistent with the Transferee’s ownership of the Assets and on or
      prior to the Closing Date indicate on its books, records and
      statements that the Assets have been sold to the Transferee.


      (c)
      If the Transferor makes any change in its jurisdiction of
      organization (within the meaning of the applicable UCC), name or
      corporate structure that would make any financing statement or
      continuation statement filed in accordance with paragraph (a) above
      seriously misleading within the applicable provisions of the UCC or
      any title statute, the Transferor shall give the Transferee written
      notice thereof at least 30 days prior to such change and shall
      promptly file such financing statements or amendments as may be
      necessary to continue the perfection of the Transferor’s interest in
      the Assets.


Section 2.04.
Acceptance by the Transferee.  The Transferee agrees to comply with all 
covenants and restrictions applicable to a Holder of the 2007-1 SUBI 
Certificate and the interest in the 2007-1 SUBI represented thereby, 
whether set forth in the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate, in the SUBI Trust 
Agreement or otherwise, and assumes all obligations and liabilities, if 
any, associated therewith.


ARTICLE THREE

MISCELLANEOUS


Section 3.01.
Amendment.  This Agreement may be amended from time to time in a writing 
signed by the parties hereto, with the consent of the Issuer.  The consent 
of the Issuer shall be deemed to have been given if the Transferee does not 
receive a written objection from the Issuer within 10 Business Days after a 
written request for such consent shall have been given.


Section 3.02.
Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to any 
otherwise applicable principles of conflicts of laws (other than Section 
5-1401 of the New York General Obligations Law).


Section 3.03.
Severability.  If one or more of the covenants, agreements or provisions of 
this Agreement shall be for any reason whatever held invalid or 
unenforceable, such provisions shall be deemed severable from the remaining 
covenants, agreements and provisions of this Agreement, and such invalidity 
or unenforceability shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability 
of such remaining covenants, agreements and provisions, or the rights of 
any parties hereto.  To the extent permitted by law, the parties hereto 
waive any provision of law that renders any provision of this Agreement 
invalid or unenforceable in any respect.


Section 3.04.
Binding Effect.  The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and 
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their permitted successors 
and assigns.


Section 3.05.
Headings.  The Article and Section headings are for convenience of 
reference only and shall not define or limit any of the terms or provisions 
hereof.


Section 3.06.
Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be 
an original, but all of which counterparts shall together constitute but 
one and the same instrument.


Section 3.07.
Further Assurances.  Each party hereto shall do such acts, and execute and 
deliver to the other party such additional documents or instruments as may 
be reasonably requested in order to effect the purposes of this Agreement 
and to better assure and confirm unto the requesting party its rights, 
powers and remedies hereunder.


Section 3.08.
Third-Party Beneficiaries.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, 
no Person shall have any right or obligation hereunder.


Section 3.09.
No Petition.  Each of the parties hereto covenants and agrees that prior to 
the date that is one year and one day after the date upon which all 
obligations and payments under the related transaction documents have been 
paid in full, they will not (and, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, the Indenture Trustee shall not have the power to) 
institute against, or join in any institution against the UTI Beneficiary, 
the Vehicle Trustee, the Vehicle Trust, the Transferee, the Transferor, the 
Issuer, any other Affiliate or any beneficiary, any bankruptcy, 
reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding or other 
proceeding under any United States federal or state bankruptcy or similar 
law in connection with any obligations relating to the Notes, the 
Indenture, the Interest Rate Cap Agreement or any of the related 
transaction documents.


[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]





------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed by their respective officers duly authorized as of the day 
and year first above written.


                                       BMW MANUFACTURING L.P.,
                                       as Transferor


                                          By:
                                          BMW FACILITY PARTNERS, LLC,
                                          as General Partner


                                       By:
                                                   /s/ Kerstin Zerbst
                                       Name:  Kerstin Zerbst
                                       Title:    President


                                       By:
                                                   /s/ Joachim Herr
                                       Name:  Joachim Herr
                                       Title:    Treasurer



                                          BMW AUTO LEASING LLC,
                                          as Transferee


                                       By:
                                                   /s/ Kerstin Zerbst
                                       Name:  Kerstin Zerbst
                                       Title:    Vice President-Finance


                                       By:
                                                   /s/ Joachim Herr
                                       Name:  Joachim Herr
                                       Title:    Treasurer




------------------------------------------------------------------------

Schedule I
Perfection Representations, Warranties and Covenants


In addition to the representations, warranties and covenants contained in 
the SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement, BMW Manufacturing, L.P., as 
transferor (the “Transferor”), hereby represents, warrants, and covenants 
to BMW Auto Leasing LLC, as transferee (the “Transferee”), as follows on 
the Closing Date:


      1.
      The SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement creates a valid and
      continuing security interest (as defined in the applicable UCC) in
      the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate in favor of the Transferee, which
      security interest is prior to all other Liens and is enforceable as
      such as against creditors of and purchasers from the Transferor.


      2. The 2007-1 SUBI Certificate constitutes a “general intangible,”
      “instrument,” “certificated security,” or “tangible chattel paper,”
      within the meaning of the applicable UCC.


      3. The Transferor owns and has good and marketable title to the
      2007-1 SUBI Certificate free and clear of any Liens, claim or
      encumbrance of any Person, excepting only liens for taxes,
      assessments or similar governmental charges or levies incurred in the
      ordinary course of business that are not yet due and payable or as to
      which any applicable grace period shall not have expired, or that are
      being contested in good faith by proper proceedings and for which
      adequate reserves have been established, but only so long as
      foreclosure with respect to such a lien is not imminent and the use
      and value of the property to which the Lien attaches is not impaired
      during the pendency of such proceeding.


      4. The Transferor has received all consents and approvals to the sale
      of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate under the SUBI Certificate Transfer
      Agreement to the Transferee required by the terms of the 2007-1 SUBI
      Certificate to the extent that it constitutes an instrument or a
      payment intangible.


      5. The Transferor has received all consents and approvals required by
      the terms of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate, to the extent that it
      constitutes a securities entitlement, certificated security or
      uncertificated security, to the transfer to the Transferee of its
      interest and rights in the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate under the SUBI
      Certificate Transfer Agreement.


      6. The Transferor has caused or will have caused, within ten days
      after the effective date of the SUBI Certificate Transfer Agreement,
      the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper
      filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under applicable law
      in order to perfect the sale of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate from the
      Transferor to the Transferee and the security interest in the 2007-1
      SUBI Certificate granted under the SUBI Certificate Transfer
      Agreement.


      7. To the extent that the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate constitutes an
      instrument or tangible chattel paper, all original executed copies of
      each such instrument or tangible chattel paper have been delivered to
      the Transferee.


      8. Other than the transfer of the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate from the
      Transferor to the Transferee under the SUBI Certificate Transfer
      Agreement and from the Transferee to the Issuer under the Issuer SUBI
      Certificate Transfer Agreement and the security interest granted to
      the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Indenture, the Transferor has
      not pledged, assigned, sold, granted a security interest in, or
      otherwise conveyed the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate. The Transferor has
      not authorized the filing of, nor is aware of, any financing
      statements against the Transferor that include a description of
      collateral covering the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate other than any
      financing statement relating to any security interest granted
      pursuant to the Basic Documents or that has been terminated.


      9. No instrument or tangible chattel paper that constitutes or
      evidences the 2007-1 SUBI Certificate has any marks or notations
      indicating that it has been pledged, assigned or otherwise conveyed
      to any Person other than the Indenture Trustee.



