 EX-10.2 4 exh10-2_15497.txt FORM OF WARRANT EXHIBIT 10.2 ------------ THIS 
WARRANT AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "ACT") OR WITH 
ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION, AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR DISPOSED OF 
BY THE HOLDER IN THE ABSENCE OF A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT IS EFFECTIVE 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE LAWS AND RULES, OR, UNLESS, 
IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE TIME SET FOR TRANSFER, SUCH TRANSFER MAY BE 
EFFECTED WITHOUT VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND OTHER APPLICABLE STATE 
LAWS AND RULES. REDROLLER HOLDINGS, INC. WARRANT Warrant No. ___ Dated: 
November __, 2007 RedRoller Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Aslahan Enterprises, 
Ltd.), a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), hereby certifies that, for 
value received, [_______________] or its registered assigns (including 
permitted transferees, the "Holder"), is entitled to purchase from the 
Company up to a total of [___________] shares (as adjusted from time to 
time as provided in Section 9 hereof) of Common Stock (as defined below) 
(each such share, a "Warrant Share" and all such shares, the "Warrant 
Shares") at an exercise price equal to $1.28 per share (as adjusted from 
time to time as provided in Section 9 hereof, the "Exercise Price"), at any 
time and from time to time from and after the date of this Warrant (the 
"Initial Exercise Date") through and including November __, 2012 (the 
"Expiration Date"), and subject to the following terms and conditions. This 
Warrant is one of a series of similar warrants (the "Warrants") issued 
pursuant to one of several Subscription Agreements, dated as of November 
13, 2007, by and among the Company and certain other investors (each, a 
"Subscription Agreement"), providing for the issuance and sale of shares of 
Common Stock and Warrants by the Company to the Holder and such other 
investors. 1. DEFINITIONS. The capitalized terms used herein and not 
otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth below: "Affiliate" of 
any specified Person means any other person or entity directly or 
indirectly controlling, controlled by or under direct or indirect common 
control with such specified Person. For purposes of this definition, 
"control" means the power to direct the management and policies of such 
Person or firm, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of 
voting securities, by contract or otherwise. "Common Stock" means the 
common stock of the Company, $0.001 par value per share, as constituted on 
the Original Issue Date. "Company Offer" means any tender offer (including 
exchange offer), as amended from time to time, made by the Company or any 
of its subsidiaries for the purchase (including the acquisition pursuant to 
an exchange offer) of all or any portion of the outstanding shares of 
Common Stock, except as permitted pursuant to Rule 10b-18 promulgated under 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 1 "Eligible Market" means 
any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, Nasdaq 
Stock Market or the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (the "OTCBB"). "Market 
Price" shall mean (i) if the principal trading market for such securities 
is an exchange, the average of the last reported sale prices per share for 
the last five previous Trading Days on the OTCBB or other Trading Market, 
(ii) if clause (i) is not applicable, the average of the closing bid price 
per share for the last five previous Trading Days as set forth by Nasdaq or 
(iii) if clauses (i) and (ii) are not applicable, the average of the 
closing bid price per share for the last five previous Trading Days as set 
forth in the Pink Sheets(R). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is no 
reported sales price or closing bid price, as the case may be, on any of 
the ten (10) Trading Days preceding the event requiring a determination of 
Market Price hereunder, then the Market Price shall be determined in good 
faith by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company, based on the 
best information available to it. "Original Issue Date" means November __, 
2007. "Other Securities" refers to any capital stock (other than Common 
Stock) and other securities of the Company or any other Person that the 
Holder of this Warrant at any time shall be entitled to receive, or shall 
have received, upon the exercise of this Warrant, in lieu of or in addition 
to Common Stock, or that at any time shall be issuable or shall have been 
issued in exchange for or in replacement of Common Stock or Other 
Securities pursuant to Section 9 hereof or otherwise. "Person" means any 
court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or 
other individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or 
unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint 
stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other 
entity of any kind. "Registration Statement" shall have the meaning set 
forth in the Subscription Agreement. "Required Holders" shall mean the 
holders of the then unexercised Warrants issued pursuant to the 
Subscription Agreement, which represent a majority of the Warrant Shares 
underlying such unexercised warrants. "Trading Day" means any day on which 
the Common Stock is listed or quoted on any Eligible Market. "Warrant 
Shares" shall initially mean shares of Common Stock and in addition may 
include Other Securities and Distributed Property (as defined in Section 
9(e) hereof) issued or issuable from time to time upon exercise of this 
Warrant. "Weighted Average Price" means, for any security as of any date, 
the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the OTC 
Bulletin Board during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York City 
time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York City time, as reported by 
Bloomberg through its "Volume at Price" function or, if the foregoing does 
not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the 
over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for such security 
during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York City time, and ending 
at 4:00:00 p.m., New York City time, as reported by Bloomberg, or, if no 
dollar volume-weighted average price is 2 reported for such security by 
Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing bid price and 
the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security 
as reported in the "pink sheets" by Pink Sheets LLC (formerly the National 
Quotation Bureau, Inc.). If the Weighted Average Price cannot be calculated 
for such security on such date on any of the foregoing bases, the Weighted 
Average Price of such security on such date shall be the fair market value 
as mutually determined by the Company and the Holder. If the Company and 
the Holder are unable to agree upon the fair market value of such security, 
then such dispute shall be resolved pursuant to Section 16 with the term 
"Weighted Average Price" being substituted for the term "Exercise Price." 
All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted for any share 
dividend, share split or other similar transaction during such period. 2. 
REGISTRATION OF WARRANT. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon 
records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the "Warrant 
Register"), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The 
Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as the 
absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any 
distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual 
notice to the contrary. 3. REGISTRATION OF TRANSFERS. The Company shall 
register the transfer of any portion of this Warrant in the Warrant 
Register, upon surrender of this Warrant, with the Form of Assignment 
attached hereto as Appendix A duly completed and signed, to the Company at 
its address specified herein. Upon any such registration and transfer, a 
new warrant in substantially the form of a Warrant (any such new warrant, a 
"New Warrant"), evidencing the portion of this Warrant so transferred shall 
be issued to the transferee and a New Warrant evidencing the remaining 
portion of this Warrant not so transferred, if any, shall be issued to the 
transferring Holder. The acceptance of the New Warrant by the transferee 
thereof shall be deemed the acceptance by such transferee of all of the 
rights and obligations of a holder of a Warrant. 4. EXERCISE AND DURATION 
OF WARRANT. (A) This Warrant shall be exercisable by the registered Holder 
at any time and from time to time on and after the Initial Exercise Date to 
and including the Expiration Date. At 5:00 P.M. New York City time on the 
Expiration Date, the portion of this Warrant not exercised prior thereto 
shall be and become void and of no value. (B) A Holder may exercise this 
Warrant by delivering to the Company (i) an exercise notice, in the form 
attached hereto as Appendix B (the "Exercise Notice"), appropriately 
completed and duly signed, and (ii) payment of the Exercise Price for the 
number of Warrant Shares as to which this Warrant is being exercised (as 
set forth in Section 4(d) below), and the date such items are received by 
the Company is an "Exercise Date." Execution and delivery of the Exercise 
Notice shall have the same effect as cancellation of the original Warrant 
and issuance of a New Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the 
remaining number of Warrant Shares. (C) RESERVED. 3 (D) The Holder shall 
pay the Exercise Price (i) in cash, by certified bank check payable to the 
order of the Company or by wire transfer of immediately available funds in 
accordance with the Company's instructions or (ii) if on or after the one 
(1) year anniversary of the Original Issue Date (x) there is no effective 
Registration Statement registering the resale of the Warrant Shares by the 
Holder and (y) the Market Price exceeds the Exercise Price, by means of a 
"cashless exercise", by presenting and surrendering to the Company this 
Warrant, in which event the Company shall issue to the Holder the number of 
Warrant Shares determined as follows: X = Y [(A-B)/A] where: X = the number 
of Warrant Shares to be issued to the Holder upon such cashless exercise; Y 
= the number of Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant is being 
exercised; A = the Market Price on the Exercise Date; and B = the Exercise 
Price. (E) If an exercise of this Warrant is to be made in connection with 
a registered public offering or sale of the Company, such exercise may, at 
the election of the Holder, be conditioned on the consummation of the 
public offering or sale of the Company, in which case such exercise shall 
not be deemed effective until the consummation of such transaction. 5. 
DELIVERY OF WARRANT SHARES. (A) Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Company 
shall within three Trading Days after receipt of the Exercise Notice 
attached hereto as Appendix B, issue or cause to be issued and deliver or 
cause to be delivered to the Holder, in such name or names as the Holder 
may designate, a certificate for the Warrant Shares issuable upon such 
exercise bearing (only if such legend is required by applicable law) the 
restrictive legend set forth in Section 4(j)(ii) of the Subscription 
Agreement. The Holder, or any Person so designated by the Holder to receive 
the Warrant Shares, shall be deemed to have become holder of record of such 
Warrant Shares as of the Exercise Date. (B) This Warrant is exercisable, 
either in its entirety or, from time to time, for a portion of the number 
of Warrant Shares. Upon surrender of this Warrant following one or more 
partial exercises, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued, at its 
expense, a New Warrant evidencing the right to purchase the remaining 
number of Warrant Shares. 6. CHARGES, TAXES AND EXPENSES. Issuance and 
delivery of certificates for shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this 
Warrant shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or 
transfer tax, withholding tax, transfer agent fee or other incidental tax 
or expense in respect of the issuance of such certificates, all of which 
taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company; provided, 4 however, that 
the Company shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in 
respect of any transfer involved in the registration of any certificates 
for Warrant Shares or Warrant in a name other than that of the Holder. The 
Holder shall be responsible for all other tax liability that may arise as a 
result of holding or transferring this Warrant or receiving Warrant Shares 
upon exercise hereof. 7. REPLACEMENT OF WARRANT. If this Warrant is 
mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to 
be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation hereof, or 
in lieu of and in substitution for this Warrant, a New Warrant, but only 
upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such 
loss, theft or destruction and customary and reasonable indemnity, if 
requested. 8. RESERVATION OF WARRANT SHARES. The Company covenants that it 
will at all times reserve and keep available out of the aggregate of its 
authorized but unissued and otherwise unreserved Common Stock, solely for 
the purpose of enabling it to issue Warrant Shares upon exercise of this 
Warrant as herein provided, the number of Warrant Shares that are then 
issuable and deliverable upon the exercise of this entire Warrant, free 
from all taxes, liens, claims, encumbrances with respect to the issuance of 
such Warrant Shares and will not be subject to any pre-emptive rights or 
similar rights (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of 
Section 9 hereof). The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares so 
issuable and deliverable shall, upon issuance and the payment of the 
applicable Exercise Price in accordance with the terms hereof, be duly and 
validly authorized, issued, fully paid and nonassessable. The Company will 
take all such action as may be necessary to assure that such shares of 
Common Stock may be issued as provided herein without violation of any 
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of any securities 
exchange or automated quotation system upon which the Common Stock may be 
listed or quoted, as the case may be. 9. CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS. The Exercise 
Price and number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant 
are subject to adjustment from time to time as set forth in this Section 9. 
(A) STOCK DIVIDENDS. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is 
outstanding, pays a dividend on its Common Stock payable in additional 
shares of Common Stock or otherwise makes a distribution on any class of 
capital stock that is payable in shares of Common Stock, then in each such 
case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction, (i) the 
numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock 
outstanding immediately prior to the opening of business on the day after 
the record date for the determination of stockholders entitle to receive 
such dividend or distribution and (ii) the denominator of which shall be 
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such 
event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 9(a) shall become 
effective immediately after the record date for the determination of 
stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution. (B) STOCK 
SPLITS. If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) 
subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of 
shares, or (ii) combines outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller 
number of shares, then in each such case the Exercise Price shall be 
multiplied by a fraction, (A) the numerator of which shall be the number of 
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately before such event and (B) 
the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock 
outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment pursuant to this 
Section 9(b) shall become effective immediately after the effective date of 
such subdivision or combination. 5 (C) RECLASSIFICATIONS. A 
reclassification of the Common Stock (other than any such reclassification 
in connection with a merger or consolidation to which Section 9(f) applies) 
into shares of any other class of stock shall be deemed: (I) a distribution 
by the Company to the holders of its Common Stock of such shares of such 
other class of stock for the purposes and within the meaning of this 
Section 9; and (II) if the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be 
changed into a larger or smaller number of shares of Common Stock as part 
of such reclassification, such change shall be deemed a subdivision or 
combination, as the case may be, of the outstanding shares of Common Stock 
for the purposes and within the meaning of Section 9(b) hereof. (D) 
SELF-TENDER OFFERS. In the event, at any time or from time to time after 
the Original Issue Date while the Warrants remain outstanding and 
unexpired, in whole or in part, a Company Offer shall be made and expire, 
then and in each such event the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior 
to close of business on the date of the last time (the "Expiration Time") 
tenders could have been made pursuant to such Company Offer shall be 
decreased by multiplying such Exercise Price by a fraction (not to be 
greater than 1): (I) the numerator of which shall be equal to (A) the 
product of (1) the Market Price per share of the Common Stock on the date 
of the Expiration Time and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock 
outstanding (including any tendered shares) at the Expiration Time less (B) 
the fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Board of 
Directors of the Company) of the aggregate consideration payable to 
stockholders based on the acceptance (up to any maximum specified in the 
terms of the Company Offer) of all shares validly tendered and not 
withdrawn as of the Expiration Time (the shares deemed so accepted, up to 
any maximum amount provided for in connection with such Company Offer, 
being referred to as the "Purchased Shares"); and (II) the denominator of 
which shall be equal to the product of (A) the Market Price per share of 
the Common Stock on the date of the Expiration Time and (B) the number of 
shares of Common Stock outstanding (including any tendered shares) on the 
Expiration Time less the number of Purchased Shares. Any adjustment under 
this Section 9(d) shall become effective immediately prior to the opening 
of business on the day after the Expiration Time. (E) OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS. 
If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, distributes 
to holders of Common Stock (i) evidences of its indebtedness, (ii) any 
security (other than a distribution of Common Stock covered by Section 9(a) 
hereof), (iii) rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security 
or (iv) any other asset (in each case, "Distributed Property"), then in 
each such case the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to the record 
date fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to receive such 
distribution (and the Exercise Price thereafter applicable) shall be 
adjusted (effective on and after such record date) to equal the product of 
such Exercise Price multiplied by a fraction, (A) the numerator of which 
shall be Market Price on such record date less the then fair market value 
per share of the Distributed Property distributed in respect of one 
outstanding share of Common Stock, which, if the Distributed Property is 
other than cash or marketable securities, shall be as determined in good 
faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, and (B) the denominator of 
which shall be the Market Price on such record date. 6 (F) FUNDAMENTAL 
TRANSACTIONS. If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the 
Company effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into 
another Person, (ii) the Company effects any sale of all or substantially 
all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions or (iii) there 
shall occur any merger of another Person into the Company whereby the 
Common Stock is cancelled, converted or reclassified into or exchanged for 
other securities, cash or property (in any such case, a "Fundamental 
Transaction"), then, as a condition to the consummation of such Fundamental 
Transaction, the Company shall (or, in the case of any Fundamental 
Transaction in which the Company is not the surviving entity, the Company 
shall take all reasonable steps to cause such other Person to) execute and 
deliver to each Holder of Warrants a written instrument providing that: (I) 
so long as any Warrant remains outstanding on such terms and subject to 
such conditions as shall be nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the 
provisions set forth in this Warrant, each Warrant, upon the exercise 
thereof at any time on or after the consummation of such Fundamental 
Transaction, shall be exercisable into, in lieu of Common Stock issuable 
upon such exercise prior to such consummation, the securities or other 
property (the "Substituted Property") that would have been received in 
connection with such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of 
shares of Common Stock into which such Warrant was exercisable immediately 
prior to such Fundamental Transaction, assuming such holder of Common 
Stock: (A) is not a Person with which the Company consolidated or into 
which the Company merged or which merged into the Company or to which such 
sale or transfer was made, as the case may be (a "Constituent Person"), or 
an Affiliate of a Constituent Person; and (B) failed to exercise such 
Holder's rights of election, if any, as to the kind or amount of 
securities, cash and other property receivable in connection with such 
Fundamental Transaction (PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that if the kind or amount of 
securities, cash or other property receivable in connection with such 
Fundamental Transaction is not the same for each share of Common Stock held 
immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction by a Person other than a 
Constituent Person or an Affiliate thereof and in respect of which such 
rights of election shall not have been exercised (a "Non-Electing Share"), 
then, for the purposes of this Section 9(f), the kind and amount of 
securities, cash and other property receivable in connection with such 
Fundamental Transaction by each Non-Electing Share shall be deemed to be 
the kind and amount so receivable per share by a plurality of the 
Non-Electing Shares); and (II) the rights and obligations of the Company 
(or, in the event of a transaction in which the Company is not the 
surviving Person, such other Person) and the Holders in respect of 
Substituted Property shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to 
the rights and obligations of the Company and Holders in respect of Common 
Stock hereunder. Such written instrument shall provide for adjustments 
that, for events subsequent to the effective date of such written 
instrument, shall be as nearly equivalent as may be practicable to the 
adjustments provided for in Section 9 hereof. The above provisions of this 
Section 9(f) shall similarly apply to successive Fundamental Transactions. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Dilutive Fundamental 
Transaction, at the request of the Holder delivered before the 90th day 
after the effective date of 7 such Dilutive Fundamental Transaction, the 
Company (or successor entity) shall purchase this Warrant from the Holder 
by paying to the Holder, within five business days after such request, cash 
in an amount equal to the value of the remaining unexercised portion of 
this Warrant on the effective date of such Dilutive Fundamental 
Transaction, which value shall be determined by use of the Black-Scholes 
option pricing model, where the volatility input shall not be greater than 
50%. For purposes of this section, a "Dilutive Fundamental Transaction" is 
a Fundamental Transaction in which the aggregate proceeds to the Holder, 
had the Holder exercised the then-unexercised portion of this Warrant in 
full immediately prior to the effective date of such Fundamental 
Transaction, is less than the aggregate Exercise Price of the Warrant with 
respect to the then-unexercised portion of this Warrant immediately prior 
to the effectiveness of such Fundamental Transaction. (G) ADJUSTMENT OF 
EXERCISE PRICE. Simultaneously with any adjustment to the Exercise Price 
pursuant to paragraphs (a) through (e) of this Section 9, the number of 
Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon exercise of this Warrant shall be 
increased or decreased proportionately, so that after such adjustment the 
aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder for the increased or decreased 
number of Warrant Shares shall be the same as the aggregate Exercise Price 
payable for the Warrant Shares immediately prior to such adjustment. (H) 
CALCULATIONS. All calculations under this Section 9 shall be made to the 
nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as applicable. The number 
of shares of Common Stock outstanding at any given time shall not include 
shares owned or held by or for the account of the Company, and the 
disposition of any such shares shall be considered an issue or sale of 
Common Stock. (I) ADJUSTMENTS. Notwithstanding any provision of this 
Section 9, no adjustment of the Exercise Price shall be required if such 
adjustment is less than $0.01; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that any adjustments that 
by reason of this Section 9(i) are not required to be made shall be carried 
forward and taken into account for purposes of any subsequent adjustment. 
(J) ADJUSTMENT OF NUMBER OF SHARES. Upon each adjustment in the Exercise 
Price pursuant to this Section 9, the number of Warrant Shares purchasable 
hereunder shall be adjusted, to the nearest whole share, to the product 
obtained by multiplying the number of Warrant Shares purchasable 
immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction, (i) the numerator of 
which shall be the Exercise Price immediately prior to such adjustment, and 
(ii) the denominator of which shall be the Exercise Price immediately 
thereafter. (K) ADJUSTMENT OF EXERCISE PRICE. Simultaneously with any 
adjustment to the Exercise Price pursuant to paragraphs (a) through (e) of 
this Section 9, the number of Warrant Shares that may be purchased upon 
exercise of this Warrant shall be increased or decreased proportionately, 
so that after such adjustment the aggregate Exercise Price payable 
hereunder for the increased or decreased number of Warrant Shares shall be 
the same as the aggregate Exercise Price payable for the Warrant Shares 
immediately prior to such adjustment. (L) NOTICE OF ADJUSTMENTS. Upon the 
occurrence of each adjustment pursuant to this Section 9, the Company will 
promptly deliver to the Holder a certificate executed by the Company's 
Chief Financial Officer setting forth, in reasonable detail, the event 
requiring such adjustment and the method by which such adjustment was 
calculated, the adjusted Exercise Price and the adjusted number or type of 
Warrant Shares or other securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant 
(as applicable). The Company will retain at its office copies of all such 
certificates and cause the same to be available for inspection at said 
office during normal business hours by the Holder or any prospective 
purchaser of the Warrant designated by the Holder. 8 (M) NOTICE OF 
CORPORATE EVENTS. If the Company (i) declares a dividend or any other 
distribution of cash, securities or other property in respect of its Common 
Stock, including, without limitation, any granting of rights or warrants to 
subscribe for or purchase any capital stock of the Company or any 
subsidiary of the Company, (ii) authorizes, approves, enters into any 
agreement contemplating, or solicits stockholder approval for, any 
Fundamental Transaction or (iii) authorizes the voluntary dissolution, 
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then the Company 
shall deliver to the Holder a notice describing the material terms and 
conditions of such transaction at least 15 calendar days prior to the 
applicable record or effective date on which a Person would need to hold 
Common Stock in order to participate in or vote with respect to such 
transaction, and the Company will take all steps reasonably necessary in 
order to ensure that the Holder is given the practical opportunity to 
exercise this Warrant prior to such time so as to participate in or vote 
with respect to such transaction; provided, however, that the failure to 
deliver such notice or any defect therein shall not affect the validity of 
the corporate action required to be described in such notice. 10. 
FRACTIONAL SHARES. The Company shall not be required to issue or cause to 
be issued fractional Warrant Shares on the exercise of this Warrant. If any 
fraction of a Warrant Share would, except for the provisions of this 
Section, be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, the Company shall make 
a cash payment to the Holder equal to (a) such fraction multiplied by (b) 
the Market Price on the Exercise Date of one full Warrant Share. 11. 
RESTRICTED SECURITIES. The Holder represents and warrants that it (i) 
understands that the Warrant and the Warrant Shares have not been 
registered under the Securities Act and (ii) understands the restrictions 
set forth on the legend printed on the face of this Warrant. 12. LISTING ON 
SECURITIES EXCHANGES. In furtherance and not in limitation of any other 
provision of this Warrant, if the Company at any time shall list any Common 
Stock on any Eligible Market, the Company will, at its expense, 
simultaneously list the Warrant Shares (and maintain such listing) on such 
Eligible Market, upon official notice of issuance following the exercise of 
this Warrant; and the Company will so list, register and maintain such 
listing on any Eligible Market any Other Securities, if and at the time 
that any securities of like class or similar type shall be listed on such 
Eligible Market by the Company. 13. REMEDIES. The Company stipulates that 
the remedies at law of the Holder of this Warrant in the event of any 
default or threatened default by the Company in the performance of or 
compliance with any of the terms of this Warrant are not and will not be 
adequate, and that such terms may be specifically enforced by a decree for 
the specific performance of any agreement contained herein or by an 
injunction against a violation of any of the terms hereof or otherwise. 14. 
NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries 
hereunder (including without limitation any Exercise Notice) shall be in 
writing and shall be mailed by certified mail, return receipt requested, or 
by a nationally recognized courier service or delivered (in person or by 
facsimile), against receipt to the party to whom such notice or other 
communication is to be given. The address for such notices or 
communications shall be as set forth in the Subscription Agreement entered 
into by the Holder and the Company. Any notice or other communication given 
by means permitted by this Section 14 shall be deemed given at the time of 
receipt thereof. 15. WARRANT AGENT. The Company shall serve as warrant 
agent under this Warrant. Upon 30 days' notice to the Holder, the Company 
may appoint a new warrant agent. Any Person into which any new warrant 
agent may be merged, any Person resulting from any consolidation to which 
any new warrant agent shall be a party or any Person to which any new 9 
warrant agent transfers substantially all of its corporate trust or 
shareholders services business shall be a successor warrant agent under 
this Warrant without any further act. Any such successor warrant agent 
shall promptly cause notice of its succession as warrant agent to be mailed 
(by first class mail, postage prepaid) to the Holder at the Holder's last 
address as shown on the Warrant Register. 16. MISCELLANEOUS. (A) This 
Warrant may be assigned by the Holder. This Warrant may not be assigned by 
the Company, except to a successor in the event of a Fundamental 
Transaction. This Warrant shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of 
the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Subject to 
the preceding sentence, nothing in this Warrant shall be construed to give 
to any Person other than the Company and the Holder any legal or equitable 
right, remedy or cause of action under this Warrant. This Warrant may be 
amended only in writing signed by the Company and the Holder and their 
successors and assigns. (B) The Company will not, by amendment of its 
governing documents or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, 
consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any 
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or 
performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in 
good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking 
of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect 
the rights of the Holder against impairment. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, the Company (i) will not increase the par 
value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon exercise 
thereof, (ii) will take all such action as may be reasonably necessary or 
appropriate in order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully 
paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares on the exercise of this Warrant, free 
from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances and (iii) will not close its 
shareholder books or records in any manner that interferes with the timely 
exercise of this Warrant. (C) This Warrant shall be governed by and 
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York 
without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. Each party hereby 
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and Federal 
courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan, for the 
adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any 
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect 
to the enforcement of the Subscription Agreement), and hereby irrevocably 
waives, and agrees not to assert any suit, action or proceeding, any claim 
that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, 
that such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby 
irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process 
being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy 
thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with 
evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to 
it under this Warrant and agrees that such service shall constitute good 
and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained 
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in 
any manner permitted by law. THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL 
BY JURY. (D) Neither party shall be deemed in default of any provision of 
this Warrant, to the extent that performance of its obligations or attempts 
to cure a breach hereof are delayed or prevented by any event reasonably 
beyond the control of such party, including, without limitation, war, 
hostilities, acts of terrorism, revolution, riot, civil commotion, national 
emergency, strike, 10 lockout, unavailability of supplies, epidemic, fire, 
flood, earthquake, force of nature, explosion, embargo, or any other Act of 
God, or any law, proclamation, regulation, ordinance, or other act or order 
of any court, government or governmental agency, provided that such party 
gives the other party written notice thereof promptly upon discovery 
thereof and uses reasonable best efforts to cure or mitigate the delay or 
failure to perform. (E) The headings herein are for convenience only, do 
not constitute a part of this Warrant and shall not be deemed to limit or 
affect any of the provisions hereof. (F) In case any one or more of the 
provisions of this Warrant shall be deemed invalid or unenforceable in any 
respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and 
provisions of this Warrant shall not in any way be affected or impaired 
thereby and the parties will attempt in good faith to agree upon a valid 
and enforceable provision that shall be a commercially reasonable 
substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such 
substitute provision in this Warrant. [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT 
BLANK] 11 The Company has caused this Warrant to be duly executed by its 
authorized officer as of the date first indicated above. REDROLLER 
HOLDINGS, INC. By: ----------------------------- Name: Title: 12 APPENDIX A 
TO WARRANT FORM OF ASSIGNMENT (to be completed and signed only upon 
transfer of Warrant) FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, 
assigns and transfers unto ________________________________________ the 
right represented by the within Warrant to purchase _____________ shares of 
Common Stock of RedRoller Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Aslahan Enterprises, Ltd.), 
a Delaware corporation, to which the within warrant relates and appoints 
__________________________ attorney to transfer said right on the books of 
RedRoller Holdings, Inc. with full power of substitution in the premises. 
Dated: ---------------------- ------------------------------------------- 
(Signature must conform in all respects to name of Holder as specified on 
face of the Warrant) Address of Transferee: 
------------------------------------------- 
------------------------------------------- 
------------------------------------------- APPENDIX B TO WARRANT FORM OF 
EXERCISE NOTICE (To be executed by the Holder to exercise the right to 
purchase shares of Common Stock under the foregoing Warrant) To: REDROLLER 
HOLDINGS, INC. The undersigned is the Holder of Warrant No. _________ (the 
"Warrant") issued by REDROLLER HOLDINGS, INC. (f/k/a Aslahan Enterprises, 
Ltd.) a Delaware corporation (the "Company"). Capitalized terms used herein 
and not otherwise defined have the respective meanings set forth in the 
Warrant. 1. The Warrant is currently exercisable to purchase a total of 
_________ Warrant Shares. 2. The undersigned Holder hereby exercises its 
right to purchase __________ Warrant Shares pursuant to the Warrant 3. The 
Holder intends that payment of the Exercise Price shall be made as (check 
one): Cash Exercise _______ Cashless Exercise _______ 4. If the Holder has 
elected a Cash Exercise, the Holder shall pay the sum of $________ to the 
Company in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 5. If the Holder has 
elected a Cashless Exercise, a certificate shall be issued to the Holder 
for the number of shares equal to the whole number portion of the product 
of the calculation set forth below, which is ________. The Company shall 
pay a cash adjustment in respect of the fractional portion of the product 
of the calculation set forth below in an amount equal to the product of the 
fractional portion of such product and the Market Price on the Exercise 
Day, which product is __________. X = Y[(A-B)/A] X = the number of Warrant 
Shares to be issued to the Holder. Number of Warrant Shares being 
exercised: ("Y"). -------------------- - Market Price on the Exercise Day: 
("A"). -------------------- - Exercise Price: ("B") ----------- - 6. 
Pursuant to this exercise, the Company shall deliver to the Holder Warrant 
Shares in accordance with the terms of the Warrant. 7. Following this 
exercise, the Warrant shall be exercisable to purchase a total of 
__________ Warrant Shares. Dated: NAME OF HOLDER: ----------------------- 
--------------------------------------- (PRINT) By: 
------------------------------------ Name: 
---------------------------------- Title: --------------------------------- 
(Signature must conform in all respects to name of holder as specified on 
the face of the Warrant)