 EX-10.12 14 exh10-12_15497.txt EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT - TAYLOR EXHIBIT 10.12 
------------- EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the 
"Agreement") is made and entered into as of the 31st day of December, 2005, 
by and between RedRoller, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and 
Mark A. Taylor ("Executive"), and is effective as of the closing date (the 
"Commencement Date") of the merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement, 
dated March 11, 2005, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the Merger Agreement 
dated December 15, 2005, by and among Executive, Taylor Systems Engineering 
Corporation ("TSE"), the Company and RedRoller Merger Sub, Inc. Certain 
capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in Section 
17 below. WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, the Company has determined that it is in the 
Company's best interests to employ Executive as the Chief Logistics Officer 
of the Company and the President of TSE in accordance with the terms 
hereof. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and 
covenants contained herein, the Company and Executive agree as follows: 1. 
Duties. The Company hereby employs Executive as Chief Logistics Officer of 
the Company and President of TSE on the terms set forth herein. During the 
course of his employment, Executive shall report directly to the Company's 
President and Chief Executive Officer, unless otherwise directed by the 
Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board"). This Agreement shall not 
preclude Executive from devoting reasonable periods of time to charitable 
and community activities or the management of his investment assets, 
provided such activities do not significantly interfere with the 
performance by Executive of his duties hereunder, any A-1 significant 
amount of such activities to be approved by the President and Chief 
Executive Officer. Furthermore, service by Executive as a director on the 
boards of companies, other than the boards of the Company or TSE, shall not 
be deemed to be a violation of this Agreement, provided such service is 
approved by the President and Chief Executive Officer and does not 
significantly interfere with the confidentiality provisions or performance 
of his duties hereunder. 2. Term. Executive's employment hereunder shall 
commence on the Commencement Date and shall, unless earlier terminated in 
accordance with the terms hereof, terminate on the third (3rd) anniversary 
of the Commencement Date (the "Term"). Executive's obligations and the 
Company's rights under Sections 8 through 13 below, and Executive's other 
post-employment covenants, shall survive the expiration or earlier 
termination of this Agreement for any reason. 3. Base Salary. During the 
Term of this Agreement, the Company shall pay Executive a base salary of 
$250,000 per year (the "Base Salary"), paid in periodic payments in the 
manner that the Company normally pays its employees. If Executive shall 
take a voluntary and temporary pay reduction at any time in order to assist 
the Company to conserve cash, such decrease shall not be considered a 
decrease in Base Salary for purposes of this Agreement. On an annual basis, 
during the first one hundred and twenty (120) days of the fiscal year, the 
Board will review Executive's Base Salary and other compensation during the 
period of his employment hereunder and, at the discretion of the Board or a 
committee thereof, may increase, but not decrease Executive's Base Salary 
based upon his performance, the Company's results of operation, and other 
relevant factors. The Executive should not expect any increases in salary 
until, at a minimum, the Company achieves positive cash flow for two 
successive quarters. A-2 4. Benefits. A. Vacation. Executive shall be 
entitled to four (4) weeks paid vacation, to be taken at a time or times 
acceptable to the Company and otherwise consistent with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement. B. Incentive Plans. To the extent the Board 
approves any employee incentive plans, Executive shall be entitled to 
participate in such plans in an amount determined by the Board. C. Term 
Life Insurance. The Company, in its discretion, may purchase one or more 
term life insurance policies on the life of Executive, with the Company 
named as beneficiary, with an aggregate death benefit of up to $1,000,000 
(the "Company Policy"). In addition, the Company shall provide an annual 
bonus (the "Insurance Bonus") to Executive, subject to the limitations 
described herein, equal to the amount necessary to enable Executive to 
purchase one or more additional term life insurance policies on his life, 
with a beneficiary(ies) as designated by Executive, with an aggregate death 
benefit of up to $1,000,000 (regardless of whether the Company determined 
pursuant to the previous sentence to purchase $1,000,000 of insurance, or a 
lesser amount); provided, however, that in any one calendar year, the total 
premium cost actually paid by the Company for the Company Policy plus the 
Insurance Bonus to Executive shall be limited to $4,000. The Company and 
Executive shall fully cooperate with each other by taking all actions 
reasonably necessary to carry out the intentions of this section. Each 
party shall cooperate in purchasing the insurance policies, including 
taking into consideration the wishes of the other party with respect to the 
type of policy purchased and the quality of the insurance provider, and 
Executive shall submit to any application process, including medical 
testing, requested by the Company or any applicable insurance provider. A-3 
D. Other Fringe Benefits. Executive shall be included, to the extent 
eligible thereunder, in Company benefit plans providing group life 
insurance, hospitalization, medical, pension, financial services and any 
other similar or comparable benefits that are generally made available to 
executives of the Company from time to time during the Term of this 
Agreement. Executive shall be entitled to participate in any such plans on 
a basis comparable to such other executives, taking into account relative 
qualifications (for example, age, seniority, title, years of service, 
salary, etc.). 5. Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Executive for 
reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by him on behalf of the 
Company in the performance of his duties as specified herein and documented 
by Executive in accordance with the requirements of the Internal Revenue 
Service and the Company's policies in effect from time to time. 6. 
Termination of Employment. The consequences of termination of Executive's 
employment are described in this Section 6 and Section 7 below. Executive 
expressly agrees not to discuss, except with his official advisors (on a 
confidential basis), any information or aspects of his employment regarding 
the Company or his termination circumstances unless and only to the extent 
required under compulsion from a court of competent jurisdiction or 
otherwise required by law. A. Death or Disability. In the event of 
Executive's death or Disability, the duties of the Company and Executive, 
one to the other, under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of 
Executive' death or as of the date that Executive's Disability is 
determined as set forth herein, as the case may be, subject to the Company, 
in the case of Executive's Disability, providing the payments and other 
benefits specified in Section 7 below. A-3 B. Termination by the Company. 
(i) For Cause. The Company may terminate Executive's employment at any time 
upon a majority vote of the Board of Directors of the Company For Cause as 
defined in paragraph 17(D) below, in which case the duties of the Company 
and Executive, one to the other, under this Agreement shall terminate as of 
the date of Executive's termination of employment. (ii) Other Than For 
Cause. Executive's employment may be terminated at any time other than For 
Cause upon a majority vote of the Board of Directors of the Company, in 
which case, the duties of the Company and Executive, one to the other, 
under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of Executive's 
termination of employment, subject to the Company providing the severance 
payments and other benefits, if any, specified in Section 7 below. Any 
termination of Executive's employment by the Company shall be communicated 
by written notice of termination to the other party hereto, which shall set 
forth the effective date and time of such termination (not earlier than the 
date of mailing, or delivery by other means, of the notice). C. Voluntary 
Resignation. If Executive voluntarily leaves the employ of the Company 
during the Term of this Agreement, the duties of the Company and Executive, 
one to the other, under this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of 
Executive's termination of employment, provided, however, that if Executive 
voluntarily leaves the employ of the Company during the Term of this 
Agreement under circumstances that constitute a Resignation for Good Reason 
after a Change of Control, the Company shall provide the severance payments 
and other benefits, if any, specified in Section 7 below. D. 
Post-Employment Obligations. In the event that Executive's employment with 
the Company is terminated due to any reason other than death, the 
provisions of Sections 8 through 12 below and Executive's other 
post-employment covenants shall survive any such termination. A-5 7. 
Obligations upon Termination. A. Termination by Reason of Disability. If 
Executive's employment with the Company is terminated by reason of 
Executive's Disability, then Executive shall be entitled to the following 
benefits: (i) The Company shall pay Executive a payment equal to one (1) 
years' Base Salary, payable in twelve (12) equal, monthly installments, 
without interest. Such payment shall be made with respect to Executive's 
Base Salary as in effect as of the date of his termination of employment 
with the Company. (ii) For a twelve (12) month period following the date of 
Executive's termination of employment with the Company, Executive shall be 
entitled to Benefits Continuation. B. Termination by Company Other Than For 
Cause. If, during the Term of this Agreement, Executive's employment with 
the Company is terminated by the Company other than For Cause, Executive 
shall be entitled to the following severance benefits: (i) The Company 
shall, subject to the provisions of Section 7.D. below, pay Executive a 
severance payment in an amount equal to the greater of (A) one year's Base 
Salary and (B) the amount of Base Salary then yet to be paid to Executive 
for the remainder of the Term of this Agreement; provided that in no event 
shall the amount of such severance payment exceed an amount equal to two 
years' Base Salary. The Company shall pay 50% of such severance payment in 
a lump sum (payable promptly upon the first date provided for such payment 
pursuant to Section 7.D below), and the remaining fifty percent (50%) of 
such severance payment shall be payable in twelve (12) equal, monthly 
installments, without interest. Such severance payment shall be made with 
respect to Executive's Base Salary as in effect as of the date of his 
termination of employment with the Company, but without giving effect to 
any reduction in Base Salary that might have occurred after a Change of 
Control; and (ii) Any stock options then owned by Executive shall become 
immediately vested and exercisable (which exercise, at Executive's option, 
may be a "cashless" exercise) for up to the longer of (i) three years after 
termination of Executive's employment with the Company, or (ii) the 
remainder of the exercise period provided for in the applicable option 
agreement(s), provided that this provision shall not extend the exercise 
period of Executive's options beyond the term of the option and the Company 
agrees to cause such exercise to be allowed (including following the 
request of the Compensation Committee to permit such exercise) pursuant to 
the Company's Stock Option Plan(s) or the comparable provision of any 
future plan or agreement; and A-6 (iii) For a one (1) year period following 
the date of Executive's termination of employment with the Company, 
Executive shall be entitled to Benefits Continuation. If Executive 
commences other full-time employment or engages in consulting with any 
other company for compensation, the Company's obligation to provide 
Benefits Continuation shall cease. C. Termination upon Executive's 
Resignation for Good Reason After a Change of Control. If, during the Term 
of this Agreement, Executive's employment with the Company is terminated by 
Executive's Resignation for Good Reason after a Change of Control, then 
Executive shall be entitled to the following severance benefits: (i) The 
Company shall, subject to the provisions of Section 7.D. below, pay 
Executive a severance payment equal to two (2) times his Base Salary (50% 
of such severance payment shall be paid in a lump sum (payable promptly 
upon the first date provided for such payment pursuant to Section 7.D 
below), and the remaining fifty percent (50%) of such severance payment 
shall be payable in twelve (12) equal, monthly installments, without 
interest). Such severance payment shall be made with respect to Executive's 
Base Salary as in effect as of the date of his termination of employment 
with the Company, but without giving effect to any reduction in Base Salary 
that might have occurred after a Change of Control. (ii) Any stock options 
then owned by Executive shall become immediately vested and exercisable 
(which exercise, at Executive's option, may be a "cashless" exercise) for 
up to the longer of (i) three years after termination of Executive's 
employment with the Company, or (ii) the remainder of the exercise period 
provided for in the applicable option agreement(s), provided that this 
provision shall not extend the exercise period of Executive's options 
beyond the term of the option and the Company agrees to cause such exercise 
to be allowed (including following the request of the Compensation 
Committee to permit such exercise) pursuant to the Company's Stock Option 
Plan(s) or the comparable provision of any future plan or agreement; and 
(iii) For a two (2) year period following the date of Executive's 
termination of employment with the Company, Executive shall be entitled to 
Benefits Continuation. If Executive commences other full-time employment or 
engages in consulting with any other company for compensation, the 
Company's obligation to provide Benefits Continuation shall cease. D. 
Release. As a condition to and in consideration for the receipt of the 
severance payment(s) and other benefits to which Executive may be entitled 
pursuant to Section 7.B hereof, Executive agrees to execute a Release 
Agreement with the Company, in substantially the same form as that attached 
hereto as Exhibit A (the "Release Agreement"), within the thirty (30) day 
A-7 period beginning twenty-one (21) days after the date of his cessation 
of employment with the Company. The Company shall not be obligated to make 
any severance payment or provide any other benefits unless and until the 
Company shall have received from Executive a validly executed Release 
Agreement that shall not have been revoked by Executive during the 
applicable Revocation Period (as such term is defined in the Release 
Agreement). Provided that Company receives from Executive a validly 
executed Release Agreement which is not revoked during the applicable 
Revocation Period, the Company agrees to commence making the severance 
payments and provide the other benefits theretofore withheld within three 
(3) days of the end of the Revocation Period. Executive acknowledges and 
agrees that the benefits provided by this Agreement constitute adequate 
consideration to render enforceable such Release Agreement against 
Executive. 8. Noncompetition. Executive agrees that during the period (the 
"Noncompetition Period") commencing on the date hereof and ending on the 
date that is eighteen (18) months after the later of the date of his 
cessation of employment with the Company pursuant to Sections 6 and 7 
hereof, or the last date on which he is supposed to be paid by the Company 
any severance payment provided for in this Agreement, he will not, without 
the prior consent of the Board of Directors of the Company, either directly 
or indirectly, in any capacity whatsoever, (a) compete (as defined below) 
with the Company, or (b) operate, control, advise, be employed and/or 
engaged by, perform any consulting services for, invest in (other than the 
purchase of no more than five percent (5%) of the publicly traded 
securities of a company whose securities are traded on a national stock 
exchange) or otherwise become associated with, any person, company or other 
entity who or which, at any time during the Noncompetition Period, competes 
with the Company. A-8 As used above, "compete" is defined as engaging in 
any business or enterprise involved in the development, marketing, 
distribution or sale of hosted (by them or another company) computerized 
shipping systems which currently, or if Executive was employed by that 
company, would then compete with the Company, including but not limited to 
the businesses of Kewill and Pitney Bowes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
this Section 8 shall not preclude Executive from becoming an employee of, 
or from otherwise providing services to, a separate division or operating 
unit of a multi-divisional business or enterprise (a "Division") if: (i) 
the Division by which Executive is employed, or to which Executive provides 
services, does not compete with the Company's business (within the meaning 
of this Section 8) and (ii) Executive does not provide services, directly 
or indirectly, to any other division or operating unit of such 
multi-divisional business or enterprise which competes with the Company's 
business (within the meaning of this Section 8). If Executive's employment 
is terminated, this Agreement will prohibit Executive from future 
employment with all companies that compete with the Company, as defined in 
this Agreement, and as such, will constrain some of Executive's overall 
possibilities for future employment. If the Executive's employment 
terminates, the Board may, at its sole discretion, approve a request by 
Executive and thereby waive this section, to accept a position with a 
company that otherwise may be construed as a competitor. By Executive's 
signature to this Agreement, Executive expressly represents that his 
training, education and background are such that his ability to earn a 
living in another sector of the package shipping industry shall not be 
impaired by the restriction in this Agreement. 9. Nondisclosure. Executive 
agrees during the period commencing on the date hereof and thereafter, at 
all times to hold as a secret and confidential (unless disclosure is 
required pursuant to court order, subpoena, in a governmental proceeding, 
arbitration, or pursuant to other requirement A-9 of law) any and all 
knowledge, technical information, business information, developments, trade 
secrets, and confidences of the Company or its business, including, without 
limitation, (a) information or business secrets relating to the products, 
customers, business, conduct or operations of the Company, or any of its 
respective clients, customers, consultants or licensees; and (b) any of the 
Company's customer lists, pricing and purchasing information or policies 
(collectively, "Confidential Information"), of which he has acquired 
knowledge during or after his employment with the Company, to the extent 
that such matters (i) have not previously been made public or are not 
thereafter made public, or (ii) do not otherwise become available to 
Executive, in either case, via a source not bound by any confidentiality 
obligations to the Company. The phrase "made public" as used in this 
Agreement shall apply to matters within the domain of the general public or 
the Company's industry. Executive agrees not to use, directly or 
indirectly, such knowledge for his own benefit or for the benefit of others 
and/or disclose any of such Confidential Information without prior written 
consent of the Company. At the cessation of employment with the Company, 
Executive agrees to promptly return to the Company any and all written 
Confidential Information received from the Company which relates in any way 
to any of the foregoing items covered in this paragraph and to destroy any 
transcripts or copies Executive may have of such Confidential Information 
unless an alternative method of disposition is approved by the Company. 10. 
Intellectual Property Assignment. Executive agrees that all ideas, 
improvements, computer programs, code, flowcharts, inventions, and 
discoveries that are directly related to the business of the Company 
(either as previously conducted or as conducted at any time during 
Executive's employment), that Executive may have made or that Executive may 
make or conceive, alone or jointly with others, prior to or during 
Executive's employment with the A-10 Company, only to the extent developed 
substantially during Company time and using Company equipment, shall be the 
sole property of the Company, and Executive agrees: (a) to promptly 
disclose any such ideas, improvements, inventions, and discoveries to the 
Company; and (b) to treat such ideas, improvements, inventions, and 
discoveries as Confidential Information and as the trade secrets of the 
Company; and (c) not to disclose such ideas, improvements, inventions, and 
discoveries to anyone, both during and after Executive's employment with 
the Company, without the Company's prior written approval. Executive hereby 
assigns all of Executive's right, title and interest in and to any such 
ideas, improvements, inventions, or discoveries, including any potential 
patent rights and any additional rights conferred by law upon Executive as 
the author, designer, or inventor thereof, to (i) vest full title in the 
idea, improvement, invention, or discovery in the Company, and (ii) to 
enable the Company to seek, maintain or enforce patent or other protection 
thereon anywhere in the world. Executive agrees that the Company is the 
author (owner) of any work of authorship or copyrightable work ("Work") 
created by Executive, in whole or in part, during Executive's employment by 
the Company during Company time and/or using Company equipment and directly 
relating to the business of the Company as previously conducted or as 
conducted at any time during Executive's employment. Executive acknowledges 
that each writing and other literary Work, each drawing and other pictorial 
and/or graphic Work and any audio-visual Work, created by Executive, in 
whole or in part, during Company time and/or using Company equipment and 
directly relating to his position or responsibilities with the Company has 
been prepared by Executive for the Company as a Work for hire. Executive 
agrees that in the event that such Work is not considered Work for hire, 
Executive hereby assigns all copyright and any other rights conferred in 
law unto Executive in and to such Work to the Company. Executive A-11 
agrees that at the request of the Company, Executive will execute any 
documents deemed necessary by the Company to (i) vest full title to the 
Work in the Company, and (ii) enable the Company to register, maintain, or 
enforce copyrights in the Work anywhere in the world. Executive will treat 
any such Work as Confidential Information and as the trade secrets of the 
Company and will not disclose it to anyone both during and after 
Executive's employment by the Company, without the Company's prior written 
approval. Executive recognizes that the ideas, improvements, inventions, 
discoveries and Works directly relating to Executive's activities while 
working for the Company and developed by him, alone or with others, within 
one (1) year after termination of Executive's employment may have been 
developed in significant part while employed by the Company. Accordingly, 
Executive agrees that such ideas, improvements, inventions, discoveries and 
Works, if directly related to any of the business activities or computer 
software or software development of the Company, shall be presumed to have 
been developed during Executive's employment with the Company and shall be 
and hereby are assigned in accordance with the foregoing provisions, unless 
Executive receives prior written consent from the Company otherwise. 11. 
Severability. In the event that Sections 8, 9 or 10 shall be found by a 
court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable as written 
as a matter of law, the parties hereto agree that such court(s) may 
exercise its discretion in reforming such provision(s) to the end that 
Executive shall be subject to noncompetition, nondisclosure, 
nonsolicitation/ noninterference and intellectual property ownership 
covenants that are reasonable under the circumstances and enforceable by 
the Company. 12. Acknowledgment. Executive specifically acknowledges that 
the covenants set forth herein restricting competition, disclosure and 
solicitation/interference are reasonable, A-12 appropriate and necessary as 
to duration, scope and geographic area in view of the nature of the 
relationship between Executive and the Company and the investment by the 
Company of significant time and resources in the training, development and 
employment of Executive. Executive warrants and represents that in the 
event that any of the restrictions set forth in these covenants become 
operative, he will be able to engage in other activities for the purpose of 
earning a livelihood, and shall not be impaired by these restrictions. 
Executive further acknowledges that the remedy at law for any breach of 
these covenants, including monetary damages to which the Company may be 
entitled, will be inadequate and that the Company, its successors and 
assigns, shall be entitled to injunctive relief against any breach without 
bond. Such injunctive relief shall not be exclusive, but shall be in 
addition to any other rights or remedies which the Company may have for any 
such breach. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the 
contrary, if Executive breaches any material term of this Agreement, the 
Company may immediately cease making severance payments or providing 
severance benefits. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the references 
in the foregoing Sections 8, 9 and 10 to the "Company" are intended to be 
applicable to, and for the benefit of, any affiliated entity controlling, 
controlled by or under common control with the Company, and such term for 
all purposes thereof shall include any such entities. 13. Limitation of 
Payment. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if 
receipt of any of the benefits hereunder would subject Executive to tax 
under Section 4999 of the Code (hereafter "Section 4999"), the Company 
shall promptly pay to Executive a "gross up" amount that would allow 
Executive to receive the net after-tax amount he would have A-13 received 
but for the application of said Section 4999 to any payments hereunder, 
including any payments made pursuant to this Section 13. 14. Governing Law. 
This Agreement shall be governed and performed in accordance with, and only 
to the extent permitted by, the laws of the State of Connecticut applicable 
to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such State of 
Connecticut. 15. Assignment. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, 
and shall be binding upon, the Company, its successors and assigns. 
Executive shall not assign this Agreement without the prior written consent 
of the Company. 16. Entire Agreement; Amendments; Waivers. This Agreement 
contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to 
the subject matter hereof and replaces or supersedes any previous 
agreements (written or oral), letters, offers, term sheets or other 
communication between the Company and Executive on such subject matter. It 
may not be changed orally, but only by agreement, in writing, signed by 
each of the parties hereto. The terms or covenants of this Agreement may be 
waived only be a written instrument specifically referring to this 
Agreement, executed by the party waiving compliance. The failure of the 
Company at any time, or from time to time, to require performance of any of 
Executive's obligations under this Agreement shall in no manner affect the 
Company's right to enforce any provisions of this Agreement at a subsequent 
time, and the waiver by the Company of any right arising out of any breach 
shall not be construed as a waiver of any right arising out of any 
subsequent breach. 17. Certain Definitions. The following terms when used 
in this Agreement shall have the meanings as set forth below: A. "Benefits 
Continuation" shall mean for the referenced period of time following the 
date of Executive's termination of employment with the Company, that the 
A-14 Company shall use its best efforts to provide or otherwise make 
available to Executive, his spouse and his dependents (as applicable), an 
election (with respect to health and dental coverage in lieu of the 
Company's coverage under the group health plan continuation coverage 
provisions of ERISA and the Code) to continue coverage under the Company's 
health and dental benefit plans then available and group term life 
insurance plan, if any (collectively, the "Continuation Plans") on the same 
terms and conditions that such plans are then provided to the Company's 
employees. The Company shall use its best efforts to arrange for such 
coverage with its insurance providers. The cost to Executive of including 
Executive, his spouse and his dependents in the Continuation Plans shall be 
no more than that paid by the Company's other employees and may be deducted 
from any regular payments made to Executive under this Agreement. If at any 
time the Company is precluded by the terms of any of the Continuation Plans 
from providing such coverage to Executive, his spouse, or his dependents, 
for reasons reasonably determined to be beyond the control of the Company, 
such coverage shall cease, provided, however, that Executive, his spouse 
and his dependents shall be entitled to continuation of coverage under the 
Company's medical and/or dental benefit plans pursuant to any statutory 
rights Executive, his spouse or his dependents may then have under the 
group health plan continuation coverage provisions of ERISA and the Code, 
or otherwise, at Company's expense, so long as Executive timely complies 
with all applicable statutory requirements. The prior provisions 
notwithstanding, the right of Executive, his spouse or dependents to 
coverage as provided by the group health plan continuation coverage 
provisions of ERISA and the Code or otherwise shall be deemed to run 
concurrently with the continuation of health and/or dental benefits under 
the first sentence of this paragraph. A-15 B. "Change of Control" shall 
mean the occurrence of any one of the following events: (i) The 
consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other 
corporation or entity, other than a merger or consolidation which would 
result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding and owned by the 
stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto continuing to 
represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into 
voting securities of the surviving entity) more than fifty percent (50%) of 
the combined voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such 
surviving entity, as applicable, outstanding and owned by such holders 
immediately after such merger or consolidation; or (ii) Any "person" (as 
defined in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended (the "Exchange Act")) is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as 
defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of 
securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the 
combined voting power of the Company's then outstanding securities; 
provided that a Change of Control shall not be deemed to occur under this 
clause by reason of the acquisition of securities by the Company or any of 
its subsidiaries or an employee benefit plan (or any trust funding such a 
plan) maintained by the Company. C. "Disability" shall mean Executive's 
ongoing inability, due to a mental or physical condition, to continue to 
provide services to the Company substantially consistent with past 
practice, as evidenced by a written certification as to such condition from 
a physician mutually acceptable to Executive and the Board, using 
reasonable good faith judgment. D. "For Cause" shall mean any of the 
following: (i) an indictment or conviction of theft, fraud, embezzlement, 
or any felony, significant insubordination or theft of Company property, or 
the Executive being absent from his duties without reasonable reason for 
more than three (3) days, or the commission of an act or series of acts 
which are contrary to the best interests of the Company as determined 
solely by the Board; (ii) the violation of Sections 8, 9 or 11 or any other 
provision of this Agreement or of any other written agreement with the 
Company which is not cured in all material respects within thirty (30) days 
after the Board gives written notice thereof to Executive; or (iii) 
Executive's commission, when carrying out his duties A-16 under this 
Agreement, of acts or his omission of any act, which constitute gross 
negligence or willful misconduct and results in economic harm to the 
Company. E. "Resignation for Good Reason After a Change in Control" shall 
mean the resignation by Executive of his employment with the Company as a 
result of the occurrence of (i) any reduction in the aggregate direct 
remuneration of Executive or any reduction in the position, authority or 
office of Executive; (ii) any reduction in Executive's responsibilities or 
duties for the Company or any reduction in Executive's support staff or 
direct or secondary reports; (iii) any adverse change or reduction in the 
aggregate of Executive's benefits, perquisites or fringe benefits provided 
to Executive as of the date of this Agreement (provided that any reduction 
in such aggregate Executive benefits, perquisites or fringe benefits that 
is required by law or applies generally to all employees of the Company 
shall not constitute "Good Reason" as defined hereunder), or (iv) the 
breach or default by the Company of any of its agreements or obligations 
under any provision of this Agreement. Executive shall give written notice 
to the Company on or before the date of termination of employment for Good 
Reason specifying the reasons for such termination. 18. Headings. The 
headings in this Agreement are intended solely for convenience of reference 
and shall be given no effect in the construction or interpretation of this 
Agreement. 19. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple 
counterparts each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same document. [Signature Page 
Follows] A-17 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this 
Agreement as of the date first above written. RedRoller, Inc. "Company" By: 
/s/ Robert J. Crowell --------------------------- Name: Robert J. Crowell 
Title: Chairman "Executive" /s/ Mark A. Taylor ------------------------- 
Mark A. Taylor