 EX-10.7 13 a2179424zex-10_7.htm EXHIBIT 10.7

Exhibit 10.7

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

        This Securities Purchase Agreement (this "Agreement"), effective as 
of March 1, 2007, is made and entered into by and between Hicks Acquisition 
Company I, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and HH-HACI, L.P., 
a Delaware limited partnership ("Buyer").

RECITALS:

        WHEREAS, Buyer wishes to purchase from the Company 10,000,000 
shares of the Company's Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the "
Shares") and a warrant, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, to 
purchase 10,000,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock (the "Warrant" 
and, together with the Shares, the "Securities"); and

        WHEREAS, the Buyer wishes to purchase the Securities from the 
Company and the Company wishes to sell the Securities to the Buyer on the 
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.

AGREEMENT:

        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, representations, 
warranties and the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for 
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt, sufficiency and 
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as 
follows:

ARTICLE I.
DEFINITIONS

        The terms defined in this Article I shall have for all purposes of 
this Agreement the respective meanings set forth below:

        "Buyer" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this 
Agreement.

        "Closing" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3 of this 
Agreement.

        "Closing Date" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3 of 
this Agreement.

        "Common Stock" shall mean the Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per 
share, of the Company.

        "Company" shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble to this 
Agreement.

        "Consent" means any consent, approval, notification, waiver, or 
other similar action that is necessary or convenient.

        "Governmental Body" shall mean any legislature, agency, bureau, 
branch, department, division, commission, court, tribunal or other similar 
recognized organization or body of any federal, state, county, municipal, 
local or foreign government or other similar recognized organization or 
body exercising similar powers or authority.

        "Law" shall mean any law (statutory, common or otherwise), 
constitution, ordinance, rule, regulation, executive order or other similar 
authority enacted, adopted, promulgated or applied by any Governmental 
Body.

        "Lien" shall mean a mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, 
assignment, encumbrance, charge, restriction, lien (statutory or otherwise, 
including, without limitation, any lien for taxes), security interest, 
preference, participation interest, priority or security agreement or 
preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever, including, 
without limitation, any conditional sale or other title retention 
agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic 
effect as any of the foregoing and the filing of any document under the law 
of any applicable jurisdiction to evidence any

------------------------------------------------------------------------


of the foregoing, other than (i) statutory, mechanics' or other Liens 
incurred in the Company's ordinary course of business or (ii) Liens for 
taxes incurred but not yet due.

        "Order" shall mean an order, ruling, decision, award, judgment, 
injunction or other similar determination or finding by, before or under 
the supervision of any Governmental Body or arbitrator.

        "Permit" shall mean a permit, license, certificate, waiver, notice 
or similar authorization to which Buyer is a party or by which Buyer is 
bound or any of its assets are subject.

        "Purchase Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 
of this Agreement.

        "SEC" shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission.

        "Securities Act" shall mean the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended, or any successor federal statute, and the applicable 
rules and regulations promulgated and in effect from time to time 
thereunder.

        "Securities" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to 
this Agreement.

        "Shares" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this 
Agreement.

        "Warrant" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals to this 
Agreement.

ARTICLE II
PURCHASE OF SECURITIES

        Section 2.1 Purchase and Sale of Securities. Subject to the terms 
and conditions hereof and in reliance upon the representations and 
warranties of the parties contained or incorporated by reference herein, 
simultaneous with the execution hereof, the Company shall sell and deliver 
to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase from the Company, the Securities, in 
consideration of the payment of the Purchase Price noted herein.

        Section 2.2 Purchase Price. As payment in full for the Securities 
being purchased under this Agreement and against delivery of the 
certificates therefor, simultaneous with the execution hereof, Buyer shall 
pay $25,000 to the Company by wire transfer ($1,000 of which shall be 
purchase price and $24,000 of which shall be additional paid-in capital) of 
immediately available funds or by such other method as may be reasonably 
acceptable to the Company, (the "Purchase Price").

        Section 2.3 Closing. The closing of the purchase and sale of the 
Securities (the "Closing") shall be held on the date of this Agreement ("
Closing Date") at the offices of Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP, 1700 
Pacific Avenue, Suite 4100, Dallas, Texas 75201, or such other place as may 
be agreed upon by the parties hereto.

        Section 2.4 Closing Deliveries. All actions taken at the Closing 
shall be deemed to have been taken simultaneously.

              (a)   Buyer Deliveries. At the Closing Buyer shall deliver to
      the Company the Purchase Price.

              (b)   Company Deliveries. At the Closing, or within a
      reasonable time after the Closing but in no event later than thirty
      (30) days after Closing, the Company shall deliver to Buyer the
      certificates representing the Securities and the Warrant.

        Section 2.5 Further Assurances. The parties hereto shall execute 
and deliver such additional documents and take such additional actions as 
any party reasonably may deem to be practical and necessary in order to 
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER

        Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that the statements 
contained in this ARTICLE III are correct and complete as of the date of 
this Agreement.

        Section 3.1 Organization and Good Standing. Buyer is a limited 
partnership duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under 
the laws of the state of Delaware.

        Section 3.2 Power and Authority; Enforceability. This Agreement 
constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of Buyer, enforceable 
against Buyer in accordance with its terms. Buyer has full entity power and 
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its 
obligations hereunder. Buyer has taken all actions necessary to authorize 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of its 
obligations hereunder and the consummation of the transactions contemplated 
hereby. This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by, 
and is enforceable against, Buyer.

        Section 3.3 Investment Representations.

              (a)   Buyer is an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule
      501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act.

              (b)   Buyer has received, has thoroughly read, is familiar
      with and understands the contents of this Agreement.

              (c)   Buyer hereby acknowledges that an investment in the
      Securities involves certain significant risks. Buyer acknowledges
      that there is a substantial risk that it will lose all or a portion
      of its investment and that it is financially capable of bearing the
      risk of such investment for an indefinite period of time. Buyer has
      no need for liquidity in its investment in the Securities for the
      foreseeable future and is able to bear the risk of that investment
      for an indefinite period. Buyer understands that there presently is
      no public market for the Securities and none is anticipated to
      develop in the foreseeable future. Buyer's present financial
      condition is such that Buyer is under no present or contemplated
      future need to dispose of any portion of the Securities subscribed
      for hereby to satisfy any existing or contemplated undertaking, need
      or indebtedness. Buyer's overall commitment to investments which are
      not readily marketable is not disproportionate to its net worth and
      the investment in the Company will not cause such overall commitment
      to become excessive.

              (d)   Buyer acknowledges that the Securities have not been
      and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any state
      securities act, and are being sold on the basis of exemptions from
      registration under the Securities Act and applicable state securities
      acts, except those state securities acts that require registration of
      the Securities thereunder. Reliance on such exemptions, where
      applicable, is predicated in part on the accuracy of the Buyer's
      representations and warranties set forth herein. Buyer acknowledges
      and hereby agrees that the Securities will not be transferable under
      any circumstances unless Buyer either registers the Securities in
      accordance with federal and state securities laws or finds and
      complies with an available exemption under such laws. Accordingly,
      Buyer hereby acknowledges that there can be no assurance that it will
      be able to liquidate its investment in the Company.

              (e)   There are substantial risk factors pertaining to an
      investment in the Company. Buyer acknowledges that it has read the
      information set forth above regarding certain of such risks and is
      familiar with the nature and scope of all such risks, including,
      without limitation, risks arising from the fact that the Company is
      an entity with limited operating history and financial resources; and
      Buyer is fully able to bear the economic risks of such investment for
      an indefinite period, and can afford a complete loss thereof.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


              (f)    Buyer has been given the opportunity to (i) ask
      questions of and receive answers from the Company and its designated
      representatives concerning the terms and conditions of the offering,
      the Company and the business and financial condition of the Company
      and (ii) obtain any additional information that the Company possesses
      or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is
      necessary to assist Buyer in evaluating the advisability of the
      purchase of the Securities and an investment in the Company. Buyer
      further represents and warrants that, prior to signing this
      Agreement, it has asked such questions, received such answers and
      obtained such information as it has deemed necessary or advisable to
      evaluate the merits and risks of the purchase of the Securities and
      an investment in the Company. Buyer is not relying on any oral
      representation made by any person as to the Company or its
      operations, financial condition or prospects.

              (g)   Buyer understands that no federal, state or other
      governmental authority has made any recommendation, findings or
      determination relating to the merits of an investment in the Company.

ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

        Section 4.1 Organization and Good Standing. The Company is a 
corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under 
the laws of the State of Delaware.

        Section 4.2 Power and Authority; Enforceability. This Agreement 
constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of the Company, 
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms. The Company 
has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to 
perform its obligations hereunder. The Company has taken all actions 
necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the 
performance of its obligations hereunder, and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly authorized, 
executed, and delivered by, and is enforceable against, the Company.

        Section 4.3 No Violation; Necessary Approvals. Neither the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company, nor the 
consummation or performance by the Company of any of transactions 
contemplated hereby, will: (a) with or without notice or lapse of time, 
constitute, create or result in a breach or violation of, default under, 
loss of benefit or right under or acceleration of performance of any 
obligation required under any Law, Order, Contract or Permit to which the 
Company is a party or by which it is bound or any of its assets are 
subject, or any provision of the Company's organizational documents as in 
effect on the Closing Date, (b) result in the imposition of any lien, claim 
or encumbrance upon any assets owned by the Company; (c) require any 
Consent under any Contract or organizational document to which the Company 
is a party or by which it is bound; or (d) require any Permit under any Law 
or Order other than (i) required filings, if any, with the SEC and (ii) 
notifications or other filings with state or federal regulatory agencies 
after the Closing that are necessary or convenient and do not require 
approval of the agency as a condition to the validity of the transactions 
contemplated hereunder; or (e) trigger any rights of first refusal, 
preferential purchase or similar rights with respect to any of the 
Securities.

        Section 4.4 Authorization of the Securities. The Shares have been 
duly authorized and, when issued in accordance with this Agreement, the 
Shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable 
shares of Common Stock and will be free and clear of all Liens and claims, 
other than restrictions on transfer imposed by the Securities Act and 
applicable state securities laws. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
exercise of the Warrants have been duly authorized and, when issued in 
accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will be duly and validly issued, 
fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock and will be free and 
clear of all Liens and claims, other than restrictions on transfer imposed 
by the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE V
MISCELLANEOUS

        Section 5.1 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the 
certificates, documents, instruments and writings that are delivered 
pursuant hereto, constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the 
parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and supersedes all prior 
understandings, agreements, or representations by or among the parties 
hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any way to the 
subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby.

        Section 5.2 Successors. All of the terms, agreements, covenants, 
representations, warranties, and conditions of this Agreement are binding 
upon, and inure to the benefit of and are enforceable by, the parties 
hereto and their respective successors.

        Section 5.3 Assignments. Except as otherwise provided herein, no 
party hereto may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, 
interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of 
the other party. Any purported assignment in violation of this Section 5.3 
shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to transfer or assign 
any interest or title to the purported assignee.

        Section 5.4 Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HERETO EACH HEREBY 
AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO JURY TRIAL OF ANY DISPUTE BASED 
UPON OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENTS RELATING 
HERETO OR ANY DEALINGS AMONG THEM RELATING TO THE TRANSACTIONS. THE SCOPE 
OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL ACTIONS 
THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THE 
TRANSACTIONS, INCLUDING, CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY 
CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. THE PARTIES HERETO 
EACH ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A 
BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP AND THAT THEY WILL CONTINUE TO RELY ON THE WAIVER IN 
THEIR RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. EACH PARTY HERETO FURTHER REPRESENTS AND 
WARRANTS THAT IT HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT 
EACH KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING 
CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY 
HEREIN, THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED 
ORALLY OR IN WRITING, AND THE WAIVER WILL APPLY TO ANY AMENDMENTS, 
RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT OR TO ANY OTHER 
DOCUMENTS OR AGREEMENTS RELATING HERETO. IN THE EVENT OF AN ACTION, THIS 
AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO TRIAL BY A COURT.

        Section 5.5 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or 
more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but all of 
which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

        Section 5.6 Headings. The article and section headings contained in 
this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and will not affect in any 
way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

        Section 5.7 Governing Law. This Agreement, the entire relationship 
of the parties hereto, and any litigation between the parties (whether 
grounded in contract, tort, statute, law or equity) shall be governed by, 
construed in accordance with, and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the 
State of Delaware, without giving effect to its choice of laws principles.

        Section 5.8 Amendments. This Agreement may not be amended, modified 
or waived as to any particular provision, except by a written instrument 
executed by all parties hereto.

        Section 5.9 Severability. The provisions of this Agreement will be 
deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision 
will not affect the validity or enforceability of the other

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


provisions hereof; provided that if any provision of this Agreement, as 
applied to any party hereto or to any circumstance, is adjudged by a 
Governmental Body, arbitrator, or mediator not to be enforceable in 
accordance with its terms, the parties hereto agree that the Governmental 
Body, arbitrator, or mediator making such determination will have the power 
to modify the provision in a manner consistent with its objectives such 
that it is enforceable, and/or to delete specific words or phrases, and in 
its reduced form, such provision will then be enforceable and will be 
enforced.

        Section 5.10 Expenses. Except as otherwise expressly provided in 
this Agreement, each party hereto will bear its own costs and expenses 
incurred in connection with the preparation, execution and performance of 
this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated 
hereby, including all fees and expenses of agents, representatives, 
financial advisors, legal counsel and accountants.

        Section 5.11 Construction. The parties hereto have participated 
jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. If an ambiguity 
or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement will be 
construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or 
burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any party hereto because 
of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement. Any reference to any 
federal, state, local, or foreign Law will be deemed also to refer to Law 
as amended and all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the 
context requires otherwise. The words "include," "includes," and "
including" will be deemed to be followed by "without limitation." Pronouns 
in masculine, feminine, and neuter genders will be construed to include any 
other gender, and words in the singular form will be construed to include 
the plural and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. The words 
"this Agreement," "herein," "hereof," "hereby," "hereunder," and words of 
similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular 
subdivision unless expressly so limited. The parties hereto intend that 
each representation, warranty, and covenant contained herein will have 
independent significance. If any party hereto has breached any 
representation, warranty, or covenant contained herein in any respect, the 
fact that there exists another representation, warranty or covenant 
relating to the same subject matter (regardless of the relative levels of 
specificity) which such party hereto has not breached will not detract from 
or mitigate the fact that such party hereto is in breach of the first 
representation, warranty, or covenant.

        Section 5.12 Waiver. No waiver by any party hereto of any default, 
misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder, whether 
intentional or not, may be deemed to extend to any prior or subsequent 
default, misrepresentation, or breach of warranty or covenant hereunder or 
affect in any way any rights arising because of any prior or subsequent 
occurrence.

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement to 
be effective as of the date first set forth above.


  	
COMPANY:

  	
HICKS ACQUISITION COMPANY I, INC.

  	
By: 	
/s/ Joseph B. Armes
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Joseph B. Armes
Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President 
and Secretary

  	
BUYER:

  	
HH-HACI, L.P.

  	
  	
By: 	
HH-HACI GP, LLC,
its general partner

  	
  	
  	
By: 	
  	
/s/ Joseph B. Armes
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Joseph B. Armes
Executive Vice President
------------------------------------------------------------------------

