 EX-10.50 4 exhibit1050_jransomrelease.htm EXHIBIT 
10.50_RANSOM_RELEASE_AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.50
 

 
GENERAL RELEASE AGREEMENT
 
This General Release Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into 
by and between CYTORI THERAPEUTICS, INC. (Company) and John Ransom.

WHEREAS, John Ransom has been employed by CYTORI THERAPEUTICS, INC. as its 
Vice President of Research – Regenerative Cell Technology since December 9, 
2005;

WHEREAS, for sound business reasons and in the best interests of the 
Company, the Company has decided to end John Ransom’s employment with the 
Company effective August 2, 2007;

WHEREAS, John Ransom and the Company do not anticipate that there will be 
any disputes between them or legal claims arising out of John Ransom's 
separation from the Company, the parties nevertheless desire to ensure a 
completely amicable parting and to settle fully and finally any and all 
differences or claims that might otherwise arise out of John Ransom's 
employment with the Company relative to the termination of his employment;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, 
it is agreed as follows:

1.  
Separation from  Employment Relationship.  The employment relationship 
terminated and ceased as of August 2, 2007 (Separation Date).

2.  
Consideration.   In consideration of John Ransom agreeing to enter into 
this General Release Agreement, CYTORI agrees to pay John Ransom a lump sum 
of sixty-six thousand, six hundred and sixty seven dollars (total =$ 
66,667) less standard tax and withholding amounts.  It is understood that 
there will be no continuation of any benefits, except in accordance with 
applicable law, or additional vesting of stock options beyond the 
Separation Date and/or otherwise provided in connection with the 1997 Stock 
Option and Stock Purchase Plan and/or 2004 Equity Incentive Plan unless 
expressly provided herein. John Ransom’s right to exercise stock options 
vested as of the Separation Date shall extend through and terminate on 
December 31, 2007. John Ransom shall also be entitled to outplacement 
services under DBM’s outplacement “DBM Select” program.

3.  
Confidentiality.   The parties understand and agree that this Agreement, 
and the matters discussed in negotiating its terms, is entirely 
confidential.  It is therefore expressly understood and agreed that John 
Ransom will not reveal, discuss, publish or in any way communicate any of 
the terms, amount or fact of this Agreement to any person, organization or 
other entity, except as may be required by law and except to Employee’s 
immediate family members and professional representatives, who shall be 
informed of and bound by this confidentiality clause. It is also agreed and 
understood that Company may make any disclosure of the terms of the 
Agreement as may be required by law.
 
 
 4. 
 Release of Claims.  John Ransom, for himself and his heirs, successors and 
assigns, does hereby agree to waive, release, acquit and forever discharge 
Company, and Company’s parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and related 
entities or companies, and all past and present officers, directors, 
shareholders, employees, agents, partners, attorneys, heirs, successors, 
and assigns, (hereinafter “Released Parties”) from any and all claims, 
actions, complaints and causes of action for monetary damages (hereinafter 
collectively referred to as “claims”), of whatever nature, whether known or 
unknown, which exist or may exist on John Ransom’s behalf against Released 
Parties as of the date of this Agreement, including but not limited to any 
and all tort claims, contract claims, wage claims, commission claims, bonus 
claims, overtime claims, wrongful termination claims, public policy claims, 
retaliation claims, statutory claims, personal injury claims, emotional 
distress claims, privacy claims, defamation claims, fraud claims, and any 
and all claims arising under any federal, state or other governmental 
statute, law, regulation or ordinance relating to employment, including but 
not limited to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the 
Americans with Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, 
the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the California Labor Code, and the 
California Fair Employment and Housing Act covering discrimination in 
employment, including race, color, religious creed, national origin, 
ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, 
military status, family care leave, pregnancy, sex, sexual orientation, 
age, and harassment or retaliation. Limitation of Release-Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, none of the terms of this Agreement shall be construed so as 
to release those rights which as a matter of law or public policy cannot be 
waived, including but not limited to unwaivable rights or claims the 
Employee may have under the California Labor Code, California Fair 
Employment and Housing Act, or with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission, provided that Employee agrees not to seek any monetary damages 
or other relief in any such proceeding.
 
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
5.  
Waiver of Rights Under Section 1542.  It is further understood and agreed 
that John Ransom hereby expressly waives and relinquishes any and all 
claims, rights or benefits that he may have under California Civil Code 
section 1542, which provides as follows:
  	
 
“A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not 
know or suspect to exist in him favor at the time of executing the release 
which if known by he must have materially affected him settlement with the 
debtor.”
 
  	 In connection with such waiver and relinquishment, John Ransom 
acknowledges that he may hereafter discover claims or facts in addition to 
or different from those which he now knows or believes to exist with 
respect to the matters released herein, and he expressly agrees to fully, 
finally and forever settle and release any and all claims, known or 
unknown, suspected or unsuspected, which exist or may exist on him behalf 
against the Released Parties at the time of execution of this Agreement, 
including, but not limited to, any and all claims relating to or arising 
from him employment with Company or the termination of that employment.
 

6.  
Continuing Obligations Regarding Confidential or Proprietary Information. 
John Ransom agrees to abide by all the surviving provisions of the 
Employment, Confidentiality and Assignment of Inventions Agreement which he 
executed on December 19, 2005, including but not limited to, promises to 
protect all confidential and proprietary information of Company.
 
 7.  
 Release of Age Discrimination Claims.  In addition to the Release in 
Section 4 above, John Ransom agrees to the release of all known and unknown 
claims, including expressly the waiver of any rights or claims arising out 
of the Federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act (“ADEA”) 29 U.S.C.  § 
621, et seq., and in connection with such waiver: 
  	
 a.  
 John Ransom is hereby advised to consult with an attorney prior to signing 
this Agreement.
  	
 b.  
 John Ransom shall have a period of forty-five (45) days from the date of 
receipt of this Agreement in which to consider the terms of the Agreement.  
John Ransom may at his option execute this Agreement at any time during the 
45-day period.
  	
 c.  
 John Ransom may revoke this Agreement at any time during the first seven 
(7) days following his execution of this Agreement, and this Agreement 
shall not be effective or enforceable until the seven-day period has 
expired.
 
 
8.  
Employer Property And Trade Secrets.  John Ransom will return to Company 
any and all of its property and documents which he may have in his 
possession. Including but not limited to the following:

·  
Any proprietary devices and equipment, cameras, video equipment etc.
·  
Any Company information, including electronic files, hard copies etc.

    John Ransom further agrees never to disclose to any person or entity
    any confidential or proprietary information of or about Company, except
    upon the express authorization and consent of Company.
 

 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
9.  
Non-Disparagement.  John Ransom agrees that he will not at any time defame, 
disparage or impugn the reputation of Company or any employees of Company 
in any future communications with any third-party or entity.  “Disparage,” 
as used in this Agreement, means to make any statement, written or oral, 
that casts the Company in a negative light of any kind, or implies or 
attributes any negative quality to the Company.

10. 
COBRA.  John Ransom hereby acknowledges that Company has advised him that 
pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 
(COBRA) he has a right to elect continued coverage under Company’s group 
health plan, at his own expense, for a period of eighteen months from the 
date of his termination.

11. 
Ownership of Claims.  John Ransom represents and warrants that he is the 
sole and lawful owner of all rights, title and interest in and to all 
released matters, claims and demands as herein contained and that there has 
been no assignment or other transfer of any interest of any claim or demand 
which he may have against Company.

12. 
Successors and Assigns.  It is further expressly understood and agreed by 
John Ransom that this Agreement and all of its terms shall be binding upon 
each party’s respective representatives, heirs, executors, administrators, 
successors and assigns.

13. 
No Admission Of Wrongdoing. This Agreement shall not in any way be 
construed as an admission by the released parties of any acts of wrongdoing 
whatsoever against John Ransom or any other person.

14. 
Entire Agreement. This General Release Agreement sets forth the entire 
agreement between the parties hereto, and fully supersedes any and all 
prior agreements or understandings between the parties hereto pertaining to 
the subject matter hereof.

15. 
Venue. Any proceeding brought to enforce this agreement shall be brought in 
San Diego Co., CA.
 
 16.  
 Construction.  If any provision herein shall be deemed void, invalid, 
unenforceable, or otherwise stricken, in whole or in part, this Agreement 
shall be deemed amended to delete or modify, as necessary, the offending 
provision or provisions and to alter the bounds thereof in order to render 
it valid and enforceable. The parties hereby agree to substitute a valid 
provision that will most closely approximate the economic/legal effect and 
intent of the invalid provision. The parties agree to execute any 
additional documents that may reasonably be necessary to effectuate the 
purposes of this agreement.
          
I HAVE READ AND CAREFULLY CONSIDERED THIS GENERAL RELEASE AGREEMENT, AND I 
HAVE HAD A REASONABLE PERIOD OF TIME TO CONSIDER THIS AGREEMENT PRIOR TO 
SIGNING.  COMPANY HAS INDICATED THAT I AM FREE TO DISCUSS THIS AGREEMENT 
WITH MY FAMILY AND HAVE IT REVIEWED BY MY ATTORNEY PRIOR TO SIGNING IF I SO 
DESIRE. I AM SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT FREELY AND VOLUNTARILY.


Signed: /s/ John Ransom                                                     
                      
John Ransom
Date: August 6, 2007

 
CYTORI THERAPEUTICS, INC.
Signed: /s/ Christopher J. Calhoun                                          
                                 
CHRISTOPHER J. CALHOUN
CEO
Date: August 13, 2007

 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------