 EX-10.31 3 dex1031.htm LIMITED PARTNER INTEREST PURCHASE AND SALE 
AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT 10.31


LIMITED PARTNER INTEREST
PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT


by and between


AROC Oil & Gas, L.L.C.,
A Texas limited liability company


and


TIFD III-X LLC


October 16, 2007

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	  	   	Page

 ARTICLE I TERMS OF THE TRANSACTION

   	1
  	

 Section 1.1.

   	Agreement to Purchase Interest. 	   	1
  	

 Section 1.2.

   	Purchase Price. 	   	1
  	

 Section 1.3.

   	Effective Date. 	   	1
  	

 Section 1.4.

   	Payment. 	   	1

 ARTICLE II CLOSING

   	1

 ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

   	2
  	

 Section 3.1.

   	

 Title to Interests.

   	2
  	

 Section 3.2.

   	

 Organization and Standing.

   	2
  	

 Section 3.3.

   	

 Power and Authority.

   	2
  	

 Section 3.4.

   	

 Valid and Binding Agreement.

   	2
  	

 Section 3.5.

   	

 Non-Contravention.

   	2
  	

 Section 3.6.

   	

 Approvals.

   	3
  	

 Section 3.7.

   	

 Pending Litigation.

   	3
  	

 Section 3.8.

   	

 Brokers.

   	3

 ARTICLE IV DISCLAIMER

   	3

 ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER

   	4
  	

 Section 5.1.

   	Organization. 	   	4
  	

 Section 5.2.

   	Power and Authority. 	   	4
  	

 Section 5.3.

   	Valid and Binding Agreement. 	   	4
  	

 Section 5.4.

   	Non-Contravention. 	   	5
  	

 Section 5.5.

   	Approvals. 	   	5
  	

 Section 5.6.

   	Proceedings. 	   	5
  	

 Section 5.7.

   	Investment Experience. 	   	5
  	

 Section 5.8.

   	Restricted Securities. 	   	5
  	

 Section 5.9.

   	Accredited Investor; Investment Intent. 	   	5
  	

 Section 5.10.

   	Independent Evaluation. 	   	5
  	

 Section 5.11.

   	Brokers. 	   	6
  	

 Section 5.12.

   	

 Disclosure to Seller.

   	6

 ARTICLE VI COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES

   	6
  	

 Section 6.1.

   	

 Reasonable Commercial Efforts.

   	6
  	

 Section 6.2.

   	

 Notice of Litigation.

   	6
  	

 Section 6.3.

   	

 Fees and Expenses.

   	6
  	

 Section 6.4.

   	

 Public Announcements.

   	7
  	

 Section 6.5.

   	

 Tax Matters.

   	7
  	

 Section 6.6.

   	

 Partnership Hedges.

   	7
  	

 Section 6.7.

   	

 Access to Books and Records.

   	7
  	

 Section 6.8.

   	

 Assumption.

   	8
  	

 Section 6.9.

   	

 Compliance With Partnership Agreement.

   	8
 
-i-

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 ARTICLE VII CLOSING CONDITIONS

   	8
  	

 Section 7.1.

   	

 Conditions Precedent to Parties’ Obligations to Close.

   	8
  	

 Section 7.2.

   	

 Conditions Precedent to Seller’s Obligations.

   	8
  	

 Section 7.3.

   	

 Conditions Precedent to Buyer’s Obligations.

   	9

 ARTICLE VIII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

   	9
  	

 Section 8.1.

   	

 Termination.

   	9
  	

 Section 8.2.

   	

 Effect of Termination.

   	10
  	

 Section 8.3.

   	

 Amendment.

   	10
  	

 Section 8.4.

   	

 Waiver.

   	10

 ARTICLE IX SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS;
 INDEMNIFICATION

   	10
  	

 Section 9.1.

   	

 Survival.

   	10
  	

 Section 9.2.

   	

 Indemnification by Seller.

   	11
  	

 Section 9.3.

   	

 Indemnification by Buyer.

   	11
  	

 Section 9.4.

   	

 Indemnification Proceedings.

   	11
  	

 Section 9.5.

   	

 Exclusivity.

   	12
  	

 Section 9.6.

   	

 Indemnification Despite Negligence.

   	12

 ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS

   	12
  	

 Section 10.1.

   	

 Notices.

   	12
  	

 Section 10.2.

   	

 Entire Agreement.

   	13
  	

 Section 10.3.

   	

 Binding Effect; Assignment; No Third Party Benefit.

   	14
  	

 Section 10.4.

   	

 Severability.

   	14
  	

 Section 10.5.

   	

 GOVERNING LAW.

   	14
  	

 Section 10.6.

   	

 Further Assurances.

   	14
  	

 Section 10.7.

   	

 Counterparts.

   	14
  	

 Section 10.8.

   	

 Injunctive Relief.

   	14

 ARTICLE XI DEFINITIONS AND REFERENCES

   	15
  	

 Section 11.1.

   	

 Certain Defined Terms.

   	15
  	

 Section 11.2.

   	

 Certain Additional Defined Terms.

   	16
  	

 Section 11.3.

   	

 References and Construction.

   	17
  	

 Section 11.4.

   	

 Joinder.

   	18
 
-ii-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
LIMITED PARTNER INTEREST
PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT


THIS LIMITED PARTNER INTEREST PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT dated as of 
October 16, 2007, is made by and between AROC Oil & Gas, L.L.C., a Texas 
limited liability company (the “Buyer”) and TIFD III-X LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company (“Seller”).



RECITALS:


A. Reference is herein made to that certain Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of AROC Energy, L.P., a Texas limited partnership (the “
Partnership”), dated as of August 18, 2003 (the “Partnership Agreement”), 
governing the Partnership. Seller’s interest in the Partnership as a 
limited partner is herein called the “Interest”.


B. Seller desires to sell all of the Interest to Buyer, and Buyer desires 
to purchase the Interest from Seller, on the terms and conditions set forth 
herein.



AGREEMENT:


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing Recitals and the mutual 
covenants and agreements contained herein, Seller and Buyer do hereby agree 
as follows:



ARTICLE I
TERMS OF THE TRANSACTION


Section 1.1. Agreement to Purchase Interest. Subject to the terms and 
provisions herein, Seller agrees to sell and Buyer agrees to purchase, for 
the consideration hereinafter set forth, the Interest.


Section 1.2. Purchase Price. In consideration of the sale of the Interest 
to Buyer, Buyer shall pay to Seller a cash purchase price of $91,100,000 
(the “Purchase Price”).


Section 1.3. Effective Date. The purchase and sale of the Interest shall be 
effective as of the Closing Date (the “Effective Date”).


Section 1.4. Payment.

(a) At the Closing, Buyer shall pay to Seller cash equal to the Purchase 
Price. Payments by Buyer to Seller of the Purchase Price shall be made in 
immediately available funds by confirmed wire transfer to a bank account or 
accounts designated by Seller in writing to Buyer.



ARTICLE II
CLOSING


The closing of the transactions contemplated hereby (the “Closing”) shall 
take place at the offices of Thompson & Knight LLP, 333 Clay Street, Suite 
3300, Houston, Texas,

------------------------------------------------------------------------
simultaneously with the execution and delivery by the parties of this 
Agreement. The date on which the Closing is required to take place is 
herein referred to as the “Closing Date.”



ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER


Seller represents and warrants to Buyer that:

Section 3.1. Title to Interests. Seller is (and at the Closing will be) the 
record and beneficial owner of, and upon consummation of the transactions 
contemplated hereby Buyer will acquire good, valid, and marketable title 
to, the Interest, free and clear of all Liens, other than (i) those that 
may arise by virtue of any actions taken by or on behalf of Buyer or its 
Affiliates, (ii) restrictions on transfer that may be imposed by federal or 
state securities laws, (iii) restrictions on transfer under the Partnership 
Agreement or (iv) Liens, if any, released at Closing. The Interest includes 
all of the limited partnership interests acquired by Seller upon the 
formation of the Partnership, and since the date of the formation of the 
Partnership, the Seller has owned all of the Interest, all of the limited 
partnership interests of the Partnership and has not sold, conveyed or 
transferred any interest in the Partnership, including, but not limited to 
all or any part of the Interest.


Section 3.2. Organization and Standing. Seller is duly organized, validly 
existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its formation 
and has requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now being 
conducted, and is duly qualified as a foreign entity in any other 
jurisdiction where the failure to so qualify would have a material adverse 
effect on Seller’s ability to perform its obligations hereunder.


Section 3.3. Power and Authority. Seller has all requisite power and 
authority to execute, deliver, and perform this Agreement and each other 
agreement, instrument, or document executed or to be executed by Seller in 
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby to which it is a party 
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The 
execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and each other 
agreement, instrument, or document executed or to be executed by Seller in 
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby to which it is a 
party, and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby 
and thereby, have been duly authorized by all necessary action of Seller.


Section 3.4. Valid and Binding Agreement. This Agreement has been duly 
executed and delivered by Seller and constitutes, and each other agreement, 
instrument, or document executed or to be executed by Seller in connection 
with the transactions contemplated hereby to which it is a party has been, 
or when executed will be, duly executed and delivered by Seller, and 
constitutes, or when executed and delivered will constitute, a valid and 
legally binding obligation of Seller, enforceable against it in accordance 
with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited 
by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or 
relating to the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and the 
application of general principles of equity (regardless of whether that 
enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).


Section 3.5. Non-Contravention. Neither the execution, delivery, and 
performance by Seller of this Agreement and each other agreement, 
instrument, or document executed or to be executed by Seller in connection 
with the transactions contemplated hereby to which Seller is a
 
-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
party nor the consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated 
hereby and thereby do or will (i) conflict with or result in a violation of 
any provision of Seller’s Governing Documents, (ii) do and will conflict 
with or result in a violation of any provision of, or constitute (with or 
without the giving of notice or the passage of time or both) a default 
under, or give rise (with or without the giving of notice or the passage of 
time or both) to any right of termination, cancellation, or acceleration 
under, any bond, debenture, note, mortgage or indenture, or any material 
contract, agreement, or other instrument or obligation to which Seller is a 
party or by which such Seller or any of such Seller’s properties may be 
bound, or (iii) violate any Applicable Law binding upon such Seller.


Section 3.6. Approvals. No consent, approval, order, or authorization of, 
or declaration, filing, or registration with, any Governmental Entity or of 
any third party is required to be obtained or made by Seller in connection 
with the execution, delivery, or performance by Seller of this Agreement, 
each other agreement, instrument, or document executed or to be executed by 
Seller in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby to which 
Seller is a party or the consummation by Seller of the transactions 
contemplated hereby and thereby.


Section 3.7. Pending Litigation. There are no Proceedings pending or, to 
Seller’s Knowledge, threatened, in which Seller is or may be a party 
affecting the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Seller or the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by Seller.


Section 3.8. Brokers. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or 
other Person is entitled to any broker’s, finder’s, financial advisor’s or 
other similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf 
of Seller.



ARTICLE IV
DISCLAIMER


EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, SELLER WILL CONVEY TO BUYER THE 
INTEREST WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS, STATUTORY, OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OR 
REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND FROM SELLER OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, INCLUDING 
WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS RELATING TO (I) THE PARTNERSHIP, (II) TITLE 
OF THE PARTNERSHIP IN AND TO ITS PROPERTIES AND OTHER ASSETS (THE 
“PARTNERSHIP PROPERTIES”), (III) THE CONDITION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
PROPERTIES, (IV) ANY IMPLIED OR EXPRESS WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OF THE 
PARTNERSHIP PROPERTIES, (V) ANY IMPLIED OR EXPRESS WARRANTY OF THE FITNESS 
OF THE PARTNERSHIP PROPERTIES FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, (VI) ANY IMPLIED OR 
EXPRESS WARRANTY OF CONFORMITY TO MODELS OR SAMPLES OF MATERIALS, (VII) ANY 
AND ALL OTHER IMPLIED WARRANTIES EXISTING UNDER APPLICABLE LAW NOW OR 
HEREAFTER IN EFFECT, OR (VIII) ANY IMPLIED OR EXPRESS WARRANTY REGARDING 
COMPLIANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS, THE RELEASE OF MATERIALS 
INTO THE ENVIRONMENT, OR PROTECTION OF THE ENVIRONMENT OR HEALTH. IN 
PURCHASING THE INTEREST BUYER ACCEPTS THE PARTNERSHIP PROPERTIES “AS IS,” “
WHERE IS,” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS” AND IN THEIR PRESENT CONDITION AND STATE 
OF REPAIR.
 
-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, SELLER MAKES NO 
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO (A) THE AMOUNT, VALUE, QUALITY, QUANTITY, 
VOLUME, OR DELIVERABILITY OF ANY OIL, GAS, OR OTHER MINERALS OR RESERVES 
IN, UNDER, OR ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE PARTNERSHIP PROPERTIES, (B) THE PHYSICAL, 
OPERATING, REGULATORY COMPLIANCE, SAFETY, OR ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITION OF THE 
PARTNERSHIP PROPERTIES, (C) THE GEOLOGICAL OR ENGINEERING CONDITION OF THE 
PARTNERSHIP PROPERTIES OR ANY VALUE THEREOF OR (D) THE ACCURACY, 
COMPLETENESS, OR MATERIALITY OF ANY DATA, INFORMATION, OR RECORDS FURNISHED 
TO BUYER BY SELLER IN CONNECTION WITH THE PARTNERSHIP OR THE PARTNERSHIP 
PROPERTIES. BUYER EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT (X) SELLER IS A 
LIMITED PARTNER OF THE PARTNERSHIP; (Y) AS A LIMITED PARTNER, SELLER IS 
GENERALLY A “PASSIVE” INVESTOR AND IS NOT INVOLVED IN THE DAY-TO-DAY 
OPERATIONS OF THE PARTNERSHIP AND DOES NOT HAVE CONTROL OVER OR IMMEDIATE 
ACCESS TO PARTNERSHIP BOOKS, RECORDS AND OTHER DATA OR INFORMATION; AND (Z) 
THAT AN AFFILIATE OF BUYER IS THE GENERAL PARTNER OF THE PARTNERSHIP AND, 
IN THAT CAPACITY, HAS BEEN PRIMARILY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDUCT BY THE 
PARTNERSHIP OF ITS BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS SINCE INCEPTION. BUYER AGREES 
THAT THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER IS “CONSPICUOUS.”



ARTICLE V
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER


Buyer represents and warrants to Seller that:

Section 5.1. Organization. Buyer is validly existing and in good standing 
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and has requisite 
power and authority to carry on its business as now being conducted.


Section 5.2. Power and Authority. Buyer has all requisite power and 
authority to execute, deliver, and perform this Agreement and each other 
agreement, instrument, or document executed or to be executed by Buyer in 
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby to which it is a party 
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The 
execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and each other 
agreement, instrument, or document executed or to be executed by Buyer in 
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby to which it is a 
party, and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby 
and thereby, have been duly authorized by all necessary action of Buyer.


Section 5.3. Valid and Binding Agreement. This Agreement has been duly 
executed and delivered by Buyer and constitutes, and each other agreement, 
instrument, or document executed or to be executed by Buyer in connection 
with the transactions contemplated hereby to which it is a party has been, 
or when executed will be, duly executed and delivered by Buyer, and 
constitutes, or when executed and delivered will constitute, a valid and 
legally binding obligation of Buyer, enforceable against it in accordance 
with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited 
by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or 
relating to the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and the 
application of
 
-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
general principles of equity (regardless of whether that enforceability is 
considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).


Section 5.4. Non-Contravention. Neither the execution, delivery, and 
performance by Buyer of this Agreement and each other agreement, 
instrument, or document executed or to be executed by Buyer in connection 
with the transactions contemplated hereby to which it is a party nor the 
consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do 
or will (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any provision of 
Buyer’s Governing Documents, (ii) conflict with or result in a violation of 
any provision of, or constitute (with or without the giving of notice or 
the passage of time or both) a default under, or give rise (with or without 
the giving of notice or the passage of time or both) to any right of 
termination, cancellation, or acceleration under, any bond, debenture, 
note, mortgage or indenture, or any material contract, agreement, or other 
instrument or obligation to which Buyer is a party or by which Buyer or any 
of Buyer’s properties may be bound, except for those violations or 
conflicts for which the Buyer has received waivers on or before the date 
hereof or (iii) violate any Applicable Law binding upon Buyer.


Section 5.5. Approvals. No consent, approval, order, or authorization of, 
or declaration, filing, or registration with, any Governmental Entity or of 
any third party is required to be obtained or made by Buyer in connection 
with the execution, delivery, or performance by Buyer of this Agreement, 
each other agreement, instrument, or document executed or to be executed by 
Buyer in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby to which it 
is a party or the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated 
hereby and thereby.


Section 5.6. Proceedings. There are no Proceedings pending or, to Buyer’s 
Knowledge, threatened, in which Buyer is or may be a party affecting the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Buyer or the consummation of 
the transactions contemplated hereby by Buyer.


Section 5.7. Investment Experience. Buyer acknowledges that it can bear the 
economic risk of its investment in the Interest, and has such knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of 
evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Interest. Buyer is 
an Affiliate of the General Partner.


Section 5.8. Restricted Securities. Buyer understands that the Interest 
will not have been registered pursuant to the Securities Act or any 
applicable state securities laws, that the Interest will be characterized 
as “restricted securities” under federal securities laws, and that under 
such laws and applicable regulations the Interests cannot be sold or 
otherwise disposed of without registration under the Securities Act or an 
exemption therefrom.


Section 5.9. Accredited Investor; Investment Intent. Buyer is an accredited 
investor as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act. Buyer is 
acquiring the Interest for its own account for investment and not with a 
view to, or for sale or other disposition in connection with, any 
distribution of all or any part thereof, except in compliance with 
applicable federal and state securities laws.


Section 5.10. Independent Evaluation. Buyer is an experienced and 
knowledgeable investor in the oil and gas business and the business of 
owning and operating oil, gas and mineral properties. Buyer, as a result of 
its affiliation with the General Partner, has had full and complete
 
-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
access to the Partnership Properties, the officers, consultants and other 
representatives of the Partnership, and the books, records, and files of 
the Partnership (including those relating to the Partnership Properties). 
In making the decision to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby, Buyer, as a result of its affiliation 
with the General Partner, has relied on the basis of its own independent 
investigation and knowledge of the Partnership and the Partnership 
Properties, and has been advised by and has relied solely on its own 
expertise and legal, land, tax, reservoir engineering, and other 
professional counsel concerning this transaction, the Partnership, the 
Partnership Properties and the values thereof.


Section 5.11. Brokers. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or 
other Person is entitled to any broker’s, finder’s, financial advisor’s or 
other similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf 
of Buyer.


Section 5.12. Disclosure to Seller. In view of (i) Buyer’s affiliation with 
the General Partner and (ii) the General Partner’s duties and obligations 
as general partner of the Partnership to Seller (in its capacity as the 
limited partner thereof), and given Buyer’s access to information with 
respect to the Partnership, the Partnership’s operations and the 
Partnership Properties, Buyer represents and warrants that, to Buyer’s 
Knowledge, the General Partner has made all material information concerning 
the Partnership and the Partnership Properties available to, and has not 
withheld any material information from, Seller (exclusive of facts and 
circumstances which Seller recognizes to be of a nature generally 
recognized and known in the oil and gas industry (e.g., hydrocarbon prices 
may rise or fall)).



ARTICLE VI
COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES


Section 6.1. Reasonable Commercial Efforts. Each party hereto agrees that 
it will not voluntarily undertake any course of action inconsistent with 
the provisions or intent of this Agreement and will use its Reasonable 
Commercial Efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action and to do, or 
cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary, proper, or advisable 
under Applicable Laws to consummate the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.


Section 6.2. Notice of Litigation. Until the Closing, (i) Buyer, upon 
learning of the same, shall promptly notify Seller of any Proceeding which 
is commenced or threatened against Buyer which affects this Agreement or 
the transactions contemplated hereby and (ii) Seller, upon learning of the 
same, shall promptly notify Buyer of any Proceeding which is commenced or 
threatened against Seller which affects this Agreement or the transactions 
contemplated hereby.


Section 6.3. Fees and Expenses.

(a) All fees and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement by 
Seller will be borne by and paid by Seller, except as provided in Section 
6.6 or unless the transactions contemplated hereby are not consummated 
through no fault of Seller (in which event, Buyer shall bear and pay such 
fees and expenses).


(b) Without limiting its covenants and agreements in Section 6.6, all 
expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement by Buyer, the General 
Partner or by the Partnership
 
-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
will be borne by and paid by Buyer, regardless of whether or not the 
transactions contemplated hereby are consummated.


Section 6.4. Public Announcements. Except as may be required by Applicable 
Law, neither Buyer, Affiliates of the General Partner or the Partnership, 
on the one hand, nor Seller, on the other, shall issue any press release or 
otherwise make any statement to the public generally with respect to this 
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby without the prior consent 
of the other parties (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld and 
which consent, if given verbally, shall be confirmed in writing within one 
Business Day thereafter). Buyer and Seller expressly agree that Buyer may 
make a press release or statement and file any required disclosures under 
federal securities laws as required by Applicable Law within the times 
mandated by those laws. Buyer shall provide Seller with a draft copy of 
such press release or statement on Business Day before release or filing 
where at all practicable.


Section 6.5. Tax Matters. The parties acknowledge that the sale of the 
Interest by Seller to Buyer will cause the Partnership to terminate for 
federal income tax purposes on the Effective Date pursuant to Section 
708(b)(1)(B) of the Code. Buyer hereby agrees to prepare, submit for 
Seller’s approval in the manner provided in Section 6.10 of the Partnership 
Agreement and timely file with the IRS or any other appropriate taxing 
authorities all tax returns due for the Partnership (including the final 
federal income tax return on IRS Form 1065 for the Partnership’s taxable 
period that ends at the Effective Date) in accordance with Section 6.10 of 
the Partnership Agreement. If Seller fails to approve any tax return 
referenced in the immediately preceding sentence, Seller and Buyer agree to 
use their Reasonable Commercial Efforts to resolve any disagreement or 
dispute between them in respect of such return as promptly as reasonably 
practicable. The parties further agree that no items of income, gain, loss, 
deduction or credit attributable to periods after the Closing Date shall be 
allocated to Seller and that Seller shall not be liable for any 
Partnership-level Taxes or other Taxes attributable to periods, operations, 
or oil and gas production after the Closing Date.


Section 6.6. Partnership Hedges. Buyer agrees that it and its Affiliates 
(including the General Partner) will either (i) cause the Partnership to 
terminate the Hedges at Closing or (ii) if the Hedges are not so 
terminated, take such steps as are necessary to terminate the Hedge 
Guaranty at Closing, including obtaining and providing collateral or other 
credit support satisfactory to the Hedge Counterparty and providing to 
Seller a release of the Hedge Guaranty in the form and substance 
satisfactory to Seller. Buyer agrees that all costs incurred by Buyer, the 
General Partner, the Partnership or Seller and their respective Affiliates 
in connection with the performance by Buyer of its covenants and agreements 
in this Section 6.6 shall be borne and paid exclusively by Buyer, the 
General Partner or the Partnership, and if paid by the Partnership will not 
otherwise affect the amount due Seller hereunder.


Section 6.7. Access to Books and Records. Buyer will preserve or cause to 
be preserved all books and records of the Partnership for a period of six 
years following the Closing and will allow Seller and its representatives 
reasonable access to such records at all reasonable times for a purpose 
reasonably related to (i) Seller’s ownership of the Interest in the 
Partnership, (ii) the performance by Seller of its obligations, and the 
enforcement by it of its rights, hereunder, or (iii) Seller’s contest of 
the imposition of any Taxes resulting from its ownership of the Interest. 
If Buyer desires to dispose of any such records prior to the expiration of 
the six-year period referenced above, Buyer shall provide notice of same to 
Seller, and Seller shall have a period of 10 Business Days to deliver 
written notice to Buyer that Seller elects to have such
 
-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
records delivered to it (at the expense of Seller). If Seller fails to 
deliver such notice within the 10-Business Day period referenced above, 
Buyer shall the right to dispose of the subject records.


Section 6.8. Assumption. Buyer will, at Closing, be deemed to have assumed 
any and all duties, liabilities and obligations of Seller under the 
Partnership Agreement, whether arising before, on or after the Effective 
Date (the “Assumed Obligations”).


Section 6.9. Compliance With Partnership Agreement. Buyer, Seller and, by 
its execution hereof, the General Partner, agree that upon consummation of 
the transactions contemplated hereby, (a) Section 9.1 of the Partnership 
Agreement, which deals with assignments by the limited partners of the 
Partnership, will be deemed to have been complied with in all respects, and 
(b) Section 9.6 of the Partnership Agreement (Right of First Offer) will be 
deemed to have been waived.



ARTICLE VII
CLOSING CONDITIONS


Section 7.1. Conditions Precedent to Parties’ Obligations to Close. The 
obligation of Seller, on the one hand, or Buyer, on the other, to 
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be subject 
to the fulfillment on or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following 
conditions:

(a) No Proceeding (excluding any Proceeding initiated by Seller, Buyer, the 
General Partner or the Partnership or any of their respective Affiliates) 
shall, on the Closing Date, be pending or threatened seeking to restrain, 
prohibit, or obtain damages or other relief in connection with this 
Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.


(b) No order, writ, injunction or decree shall have been entered and be in 
effect by any court or any Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction, 
and no statute, rule, regulation or other requirement shall have been 
promulgated or enacted and be in effect, that on a temporary or permanent 
basis restrains, enjoins or invalidates the transactions contemplated 
hereby.


Section 7.2. Conditions Precedent to Seller’s Obligations. The obligation 
of Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
shall be subject to the fulfillment on or prior to the Closing Date of each 
of the following conditions:

(a) Each of the representations and warranties of Buyer contained in this 
Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date 
made and (having been deemed to have been made again on and as of the 
Closing Date in the same language) shall be true and correct in all 
material respects on and as of the Closing Date.


(b) Buyer shall have performed and complied with in all material respects 
all covenants and agreements required by this Agreement to be performed or 
complied with by it on or prior to the Closing Date (including its 
covenants and agreements contained in Section 6.6).


(c) Seller shall have received a certificate executed by a duly authorized 
officer of Buyer dated the Closing Date, representing and certifying that 
the conditions set forth in Sections 7.2 (a) and (b) have been satisfied.
 
-8-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Seller shall have received all other agreements, instruments and 
documents which are required by other terms of this Agreement to be 
executed or delivered by Buyer, the General Partner or the Partnership 
prior to or in connection with the Closing.


(e) The Hedges or the Hedge Guaranty shall have been terminated pursuant to 
Section 6.6 to the satisfaction of the Seller.


Section 7.3. Conditions Precedent to Buyer’s Obligations. The obligation of 
Buyer to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall 
be subject to the fulfillment on or prior to the Closing Date of each of 
the following conditions:

(a) Each of the representations and warranties of Seller contained in this 
Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date 
made and (having been deemed to have been made again on and as of the 
Closing Date in the same language) shall be true and correct in all 
material respects on and as of the Closing Date.


(b) Seller shall have performed and complied with in all material respects 
all covenants and agreements required by this Agreement to be performed or 
complied with by it on or prior to the Closing Date.


(c) Buyer shall have received one or more certificates executed by a duly 
authorized officer of Seller dated the Closing Date, (i) representing and 
certifying that the conditions set forth in Sections 7.3 (a) and (b) have 
been satisfied and (ii) certifying to the adoption and effectiveness of 
resolutions adopted by the sole member of Seller authorizing the 
transactions contemplated hereby.


(d) Seller shall have executed and delivered an Assignment of Limited 
Partner Interest substantially in the form of Exhibit 7.3(d) in all 
material respects.


(e) Buyer shall have received all other agreements, instruments and 
documents which are required by other terms of this Agreement to be 
executed or delivered by Seller prior to or in connection with the Closing.



ARTICLE VIII
TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER


Section 8.1. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated and the 
transactions contemplated hereby abandoned at any time prior to the Closing 
in the following manner:

(a) by mutual written consent of Seller and Buyer; or


(b) by either Seller, on the one hand, or Buyer, on the other, if:

(i) the Closing shall not have occurred on or before October 26, 2007, 
unless such failure to close shall be due to a breach of this Agreement by 
the party seeking to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this clause (i); 
or

(ii) there shall be any statute, rule, or regulation that makes 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby illegal or otherwise 
prohibited or a Governmental Entity shall have issued an order, decree, or 
ruling or taken any other action permanently
 
-9-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
restraining, enjoining, or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby, and such order, decree, ruling, or other 
action shall have become final and nonappealable;


(c) by Seller, if (i) Buyer shall have failed to fulfill in any material 
respect any of its other obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) any of 
the representations and warranties of Buyer contained in this Agreement 
shall not be true and correct in all material respects and, in the case of 
each of clauses (i) and (ii), such failure, misrepresentation, or breach of 
warranty (provided it can be cured) has not been cured within ten days 
after written notice thereof from Seller to Buyer, as the case may be; or


(d) by Buyer, if (i) Seller shall have failed to fulfill in any material 
respect any of its obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) any of the 
representations and warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement shall 
not be true and correct in all material respects and, in the case of each 
of clauses (i) and (ii), such failure, misrepresentation, or breach of 
warranty (provided it can be cured) has not been cured within ten days 
after written notice thereof from Buyer to Seller.


Section 8.2. Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of this 
Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1 by Seller, on the one hand, or Buyer, on 
the other, written notice thereof shall forthwith be given to the other 
party or parties specifying the provision hereof pursuant to which such 
termination is made, and this Agreement shall become void and have no 
effect, except that the agreements contained in this Article VIII, in 
Sections 6.3, 6.4 and 6.6 and in Articles X and XI shall survive the 
termination hereof. Except as provided in the immediately following 
sentence, nothing contained in this Section shall relieve any party from 
liability for damages actually incurred as a result of any breach of this 
Agreement.


Section 8.3. Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended except by an 
instrument in writing signed by or on behalf of all the parties hereto.


Section 8.4. Waiver. Seller on the one hand, or Buyer, on the other, may: 
(i) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the 
other contained herein or in any document, certificate, or writing 
delivered pursuant hereto, or (ii) waive compliance by the other with any 
of the other’s agreements or fulfillment of any conditions to its own 
obligations contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto 
to any such waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in 
writing signed by or on behalf of such party. No failure or delay by a 
party hereto in exercising any right, power, or privilege hereunder shall 
operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise 
thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of 
any other right, power, or privilege.



ARTICLE IX
SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS;
INDEMNIFICATION


Section 9.1. Survival.

(a) Each representation and warranty of the parties hereto contained in 
this Agreement shall survive the Closing until the first anniversary of the 
Closing Date (such anniversary being called the “Survival Date”). From and 
after a Survival Date, no party hereto shall be under any liability 
hereunder with respect to any representation or warranty, except with
 
-10-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
respect to matters as to which notice has been received in accordance with 
Section 9.1(b). All covenants of the parties hereto, to the extent not 
otherwise fully performed at Closing, will survive the Closing.


(b) No party hereto shall have any indemnification obligation pursuant to 
this Article IX or otherwise in respect of any representation, warranty or 
covenant under this Agreement unless it shall have received from the party 
seeking indemnification written notice of the existence of the claim for or 
in respect of which indemnification in respect of such representation, 
warranty or covenant is being sought. Such notice shall set forth with 
reasonable specificity (i) the basis under this Agreement, and the facts 
that otherwise form the basis of such claim, (ii) the estimate of the 
amount of such claim (which estimate shall not be conclusive of the final 
amount of such claim) and an explanation of the calculation of such 
estimate, including a statement of any significant assumptions employed 
therein, and (iii) the date on and manner in which the party delivering 
such notice became aware of the existence of such claim.


Section 9.2. Indemnification by Seller. Subject to the terms and conditions 
of this Article IX, Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buyer 
from and against any and all claims, actions, causes of action, demands 
assessments, losses, damages, liabilities, judgments, settlements, 
penalties, costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and 
expenses), of any nature whatsoever (collectively, “Damages”), asserted 
against, resulting to, imposed upon, or incurred by Buyer, directly or 
indirectly, by reason of or resulting from any breach by Seller of (i) 
Seller’s representations and warranties contained in Article III or (ii) 
Seller’s covenants contained in this Agreement.


Section 9.3. Indemnification by Buyer. Subject to the terms and conditions 
of this Article IX, Buyer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Seller 
from and against any and all Damages, asserted against, resulting to, 
imposed upon, or incurred by Seller, directly or indirectly, by reason of 
or resulting from (i) any breach by Buyer of its representations, 
warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement, (ii) the Assumed 
Obligations or (iii) the Partnership and its ownership and operation of its 
properties and other assets.


Section 9.4. Indemnification Proceedings. In the event that any claim or 
demand for which a party (an “Indemnifying Party”), would be liable to the 
another party under Section 9.2 or Section 9.3 (an “Indemnified Party”) is 
asserted against or sought to be collected from an Indemnified Party by a 
third party, the Indemnified Party shall with reasonable promptness notify 
the Indemnifying Party of such claim or demand, but the failure so to 
notify the Indemnifying Party shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of 
its obligations under this Article IX, except to the extent the 
Indemnifying Party demonstrates that the defense of such claim or demand is 
materially prejudiced thereby. The Indemnifying Party shall have 30 days 
from receipt of the above notice from the Indemnified Party (in this 
Section 9.4, the “Notice Period”) to notify the Indemnified Party whether 
or not the Indemnifying Party desires, at the Indemnifying Party’s sole 
cost and expense, to defend the Indemnified Party against such claim or 
demand; provided, that the Indemnified Party is hereby authorized prior to 
and during the Notice Period to file any motion, answer or other pleading 
that it shall deem necessary or appropriate to protect its interests or 
those of the Indemnifying Party and not prejudicial to the Indemnifying 
Party. If the Indemnifying Party elects to assume the defense of any such 
claim or demand, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ 
separate counsel at its own expense and to participate in the defense 
thereof. If the Indemnifying Party elects not to assume the defense of such 
claim or demand (or fails to give notice to the Indemnified Party during 
the
 
-11-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notice Period), the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to assume the 
defense of such claim or demand with counsel of its own choice, at the 
expense of the Indemnifying Party. If the claim or demand is asserted 
against both the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party and based on 
the advice of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnifying Party it 
is determined that there is a conflict of interest which renders it 
inappropriate for the same counsel to represent both the Indemnifying Party 
and the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party shall be responsible for 
paying the reasonable expenses of separate counsel for the Indemnified 
Party; provided, however, that the Indemnifying Party shall not be 
responsible for paying for more than one separate firm of attorneys to 
represent all of the Indemnified Parties, regardless of the number of 
Indemnified Parties. If the Indemnifying Party elects to assume the defense 
of such claim or demand, (i) no compromise or settlement thereof may be 
effected by the Indemnifying Party without the Indemnified Party’s written 
consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) unless the sole relief 
provided is monetary damages that are paid in full by the Indemnifying 
Party and (ii) the Indemnifying Party shall have no liability with respect 
to any compromise or settlement thereof effected without its written 
consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld).


Section 9.5. Exclusivity. The parties hereto agree that after Closing, in 
relation to any breach, default, or nonperformance of any representation, 
warranty, covenant, or agreement made or entered into by a party hereto 
pursuant to this Agreement or any certificate, instrument, or document 
delivered pursuant hereto, the only relief and remedy available to the 
other party hereto in respect of said breach, default, or nonperformance 
shall be Damages, but only to the extent properly claimable hereunder and 
subject to the terms and provisions of this Article IX; provided, however, 
that the foregoing shall not be deemed to limit or modify the parties’ 
rights under Section 10.8.


Section 9.6. Indemnification Despite Negligence. It is the express 
intention of the parties hereto that each party to be indemnified pursuant 
to this Article IX shall be indemnified and held harmless from and against 
all Damages as to which indemnity is provided for under this Article IX, 
notwithstanding that any such Damages arise out of or result from the 
ordinary, strict, sole, or contributory negligence of such party and 
regardless of whether any other party (including the other parties to this 
Agreement) is or is not also negligent. The parties hereto acknowledge that 
the foregoing complies with the express negligence rule and is conspicuous.



ARTICLE X
MISCELLANEOUS


Section 10.1. Notices. All notices, requests, demands, and other 
communications required or permitted to be given or made hereunder by any 
party hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly 
given or made if (i) delivered personally, (ii) transmitted by first class 
registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, 
(iii) sent by a recognized prepaid overnight courier service (which 
provides a receipt), or (iv) sent by telecopy or facsimile transmission, 
with receipt acknowledged, to the parties at the following addresses (or at 
such other addresses as shall be specified by the parties by like notice):
 
-12-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
If to Seller:

TIFD III-X LLC
c/o GE Energy Financial Services
120 Long Ridge Road
Stamford, Connecticut 06927-1550
Attention: Carl W. Peterson
Fax No.: 203-961-5818


With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to any Seller):

GE Energy Financial Services
120 Long Ridge Road
Stamford, Connecticut 06927-1550
Attention: General Counsel
Fax No.: 203-357-6632


and


Thompson & Knight LLP
333 Clay Street, Suite 3300
Houston, Texas 77002
Attention: Michael K. Pierce
Fax No.: 832-397-8049


If to Buyer:

AROC Oil & Gas, L.L.C.
110 Cypress Station Dr., Suite 220
Houston, Texas 77090
Attention: Frank A. Lodzinski
Fax No.: 281-537-8324


With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice to any Buyer):

Bond & Smyser, LLP
5505 Jackson
Houston, Texas 77004
Attn: Adrienne Randle Bond
Fax No: 713-524-1196


Such notices, requests, demands, and other communications shall be 
effective upon receipt.


Section 10.2. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with any Exhibits 
and Schedules hereto and other writings referred to herein or delivered 
pursuant hereto, constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior 
agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof.
 
-13-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 10.3. Binding Effect; Assignment; No Third Party Benefit. This 
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties 
hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors, and 
permitted assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this 
Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests, or 
obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any of the parties hereto 
without the prior written consent of the other parties. Except as provided 
in Article IX, nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended 
to or shall confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto, and their 
respective heirs, legal representatives, successors, and permitted assigns, 
any rights, benefits, or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or by 
reason of this Agreement.


Section 10.4. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to 
be unenforceable, this Agreement shall be considered divisible and such 
provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent it is deemed 
unenforceable, and in all other respects this Agreement shall remain in 
full force and effect; provided, however, that if any such provision may be 
made enforceable by limitation thereof, then such provision shall be deemed 
to be so limited and shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted 
by Applicable Law.


Section 10.5. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND 
CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF 
TEXAS, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAWS THEREOF.


Section 10.6. Further Assurances. From time to time following the Closing, 
at the request of any party hereto and without further consideration, the 
other party or parties hereto shall execute and deliver to such requesting 
party such instruments and documents and take such other action (but 
without incurring any material financial obligation) as such requesting 
party may reasonably request in order to consummate more fully and 
effectively the transactions contemplated hereby.


Section 10.7. Counterparts. This instrument may be executed in any number 
of identical counterparts, each of which for all purposes shall be deemed 
an original, and all of which shall constitute collectively, one 
instrument. It is not necessary that each party hereto execute the same 
counterpart so long as identical counterparts are executed by each such 
party hereto. This instrument may be validly executed and delivered by 
facsimile or other electronic transmission.


Section 10.8. Injunctive Relief. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree 
that irreparable damage would occur in the event any of the provisions of 
this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms 
or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall 
be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of the 
provisions of this Agreement, and shall be entitled to enforce specifically 
the provisions of this Agreement, in any court of the United States or any 
state thereof having jurisdiction, in addition to any other remedy to which 
the parties may be entitled under this Agreement or at law or in equity.
 
-14-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE XI
DEFINITIONS AND REFERENCES


Section 11.1. Certain Defined Terms. When used in this Agreement, the 
following terms shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in this 
Section 11.1:


“Affiliate” means any Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled 
by or under common control with another Person.


“Agreement” means this Limited Partner Interest Purchase and Sale 
Agreement, as hereafter amended or modified in accordance with the terms 
hereof.


“Applicable Law” means any statute, law, principle of common law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order, ordinance, requirement, code, writ, 
injunction, or decree of any Governmental Entity.


“Business Day” means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or day on which 
commercial banks in the United States are authorized or required to be 
closed for business.


“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or any successor statute 
thereto, as amended.


“Dollars” or “$” means U.S. Dollars.


“Environmental Laws” means all national, state, municipal or local laws, 
rules, regulations, statutes, ordinances or orders of any Governmental 
Entity relating to (a) the control of any potential pollutant or protection 
of the air, water or land, (b) solid, gaseous or liquid waste generation, 
handling, treatment, storage, disposal or transportation or (c) the 
regulation of or exposure to hazardous, toxic or other substances alleged 
to be harmful (including Hazardous Materials).


“General Partner” means AROC Resources, LLC, a Texas limited liability 
company.


“Governing Documents” means, when used with respect to an entity, the 
documents governing the formation and operation of such entity, including 
(a) in the instance of a corporation, the articles or incorporation and 
bylaws of such corporation, (b) in the instance of a partnership, the 
partnership agreement, and (c) in the instance of a limited liability 
company, the certificate of formation and limited liability company 
agreement.


“Governmental Entity” means any court or tribunal in any jurisdiction 
(domestic or foreign) or any federal, state, county, municipal, or other 
governmental or quasi-governmental body, agency, authority, department, 
commission, board, bureau, or instrumentality (domestic or foreign).


“Hazardous Materials” means (a) any substance or material that is listed, 
defined or otherwise designated as a “hazardous substance” under Section 
101(14) of CERCLA, (b) any petroleum or petroleum products, (c) radioactive 
materials, urea formaldehyde, asbestos and PCBs and (d) any other chemical 
substance or waste that is regulated by any Governmental Entity under any 
Environmental Law.
 
-15-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Hedge” means the Partnership hedges identified in Schedule I.


“Hedge Counterparty” means Barclays Bank PLC and Bank of America, N.A.


“Hedge Guaranty” means that certain guaranty issued by General Electric 
Capital Corporation in favor of the Hedge Counterparty with respect to the 
Partnership’s obligations under the Hedge.


“Hydrocarbons” means oil, gas, other liquid or gaseous hydrocarbons, or any 
of them or any combination thereof, and all products and substances 
extracted, separated, processed and produced therefrom.


“IRS” means the Internal Revenue Service.


“Knowledge” of a specified Person (or similar references to a Person’s 
knowledge) means all information actually or constructively known to (a) in 
the case of a Person who is an individual, such Person, or (b) in the case 
of a Person which is corporation or other entity, an executive officer or 
employee who devoted substantive attention to matters of such nature during 
the ordinary course of his employment by such Person. A Person has 
“constructive knowledge” of those matters which the individual involved 
could reasonably be expected to have as a result of undertaking an 
investigation of such a scope and extent as a reasonably prudent man would 
undertake concerning the particular subject matter.


“Lien” means any claim, lien, mortgage, security interest, pledge, charge, 
option, right-of-way, easement, encroachment, or encumbrance of any kind.


“Person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, 
association, joint-stock company, trust, enterprise, unincorporated 
organization, or Governmental Entity.


“Proceedings” means all proceedings, actions, claims, suits, 
investigations, and inquiries by or before any arbitrator or Governmental 
Entity.


“Reasonable Commercial Efforts” means a party’s reasonable commercial 
efforts in accordance with reasonable commercial practice.


“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.


“Taxes” means any income taxes or similar assessments or any sales, excise, 
occupation, use, ad valorem, property, production, severance, 
transportation, employment, payroll, franchise, or other tax imposed by any 
United States federal, state, or local (or any foreign or provincial) 
taxing authority, including any interest, penalties, or additions 
attributable thereto.


Section 11.2. Certain Additional Defined Terms. In addition to the terms as 
are defined in Section 11.1, the following terms are used in this Agreement 
as defined in the Articles, Sections or other subdivisions set forth 
opposite such terms:
 
-16-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	  	
Defined Term
   	
Reference
   	 
  	Assumed Obligations 	   	Section 6.8 	   	
  	Buyer 	   	Preamble 	   	
  	Closing 	   	Article II 	   	
  	Closing Date 	   	Article II 	   	
  	Damages 	   	Section 9.2 	   	
  	Effective Date 	   	Section 1.3 	   	
  	Indemnified Party 	   	Section 9.4 	   	
  	Indemnifying Party 	   	Section 9.4 	   	
  	Interest 	   	Recital A 	   	
  	Notice Period 	   	Section 9.4 	   	
  	Partnership 	   	Recital A 	   	
  	Partnership Agreement 	   	Recital A 	   	
  	Partnership Properties 	   	Article IV 	   	
  	Purchase Price 	   	Section 1.2 	   	
  	Seller 	   	Preamble 	   	
  	Survival Date 	   	Section 9.1(a) 	   	


Section 11.3. References and Construction. All references in this Agreement 
to articles, sections, subsections and other subdivisions refer to 
corresponding articles, sections, subsections and other subdivisions of 
this Agreement unless expressly provided otherwise.

(a) Titles appearing at the beginning of any of such subdivisions are for 
convenience only and shall not constitute part of such subdivisions and 
shall be disregarded in construing the language contained in such 
subdivisions.


(b) The words “this Agreement,” “this instrument,” “herein,” “hereof,” 
“hereby,” “hereunder” and words of similar import refer to this Agreement 
as a whole and not to any particular subdivision unless expressly so 
limited.


(c) Words in the singular form shall be construed to include the plural and 
vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. Pronouns in masculine, 
feminine and neuter genders shall be construed to include any other gender.


(d) Examples shall not be construed to limit, expressly or by implication, 
the matter they illustrate.


(e) Unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise provided 
herein, the terms defined in this Agreement which refer to a particular 
agreement, instrument or document also refer to and include all renewals, 
extensions, modifications, amendments or restatements of such agreement, 
instrument or document, provided that nothing contained in this subsection 
shall be construed to authorize such renewal, extension, modification, 
amendment or restatement.


(f) The word “or” is not intended to be exclusive and the word “includes” 
and its derivatives means “includes, but is not limited to” and 
corresponding derivative expressions.


(g) No consideration shall be given to the fact or presumption that one 
party had a greater or lesser hand in drafting this Agreement.
 
-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 11.4. Joinder. The General Partner joins in the execution of this 
Agreement for the purpose of evidencing its agreement to the terms of 
Sections 6.3, 6.4, 6.6, and 6.9. By its execution and delivery hereof, 
Seller, in its capacity as the limited partner of the Partnership, hereby 
consents to the General Partner executing and delivering this Agreement in 
the name and on behalf of the Partnership for purposes of the Partnership 
Agreement, including Section 6.2 thereof.


[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank—Signature Pages Follow]
 
-18-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed and delivered this 
Agreement as of the date set forth above.
 
BUYER:
AROC Oil & Gas, L.L.C.
By: 	  	

/s/ Howard E. Ehler
Name: 	  	Howard E. Ehler
Title: 	  	Vice President Secretary
FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 11.4:
AROC RESOURCES, LLC
By: 	  	

/s/ Howard E. Ehler
Name: 	  	Howard E. Ehler
Title: 	  	Vice President Secretary


SIGNATURE PAGE TO LIMITED PARTNER INTEREST PURCHASE AND SALE
AGREEMENT

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed and delivered this 
Agreement as of the date set forth above.
 
SELLER:
TIFD III-X LLC
By: 	  	AIRCRAFT SERVICES CORPORATION,
  	as sole member
By: 	  	

/s/ Carl Peterson
Name: 	  	Carl Peterson
Title: 	  	Vice President


SIGNATURE PAGE TO LIMITED PARTNER INTEREST PURCHASE AND SALE
AGREEMENT

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 7.3(d)


Assignment of Limited Partnership Interest

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule I


Partnership Hedges
 
1. 	2002 ISDA Master Agreement, by and between AROC Energy, L.P. and 
Barclays Bank PLC, dated January 9, 2007 (the “Barclays Master Agreement
”). General Electric Capital Corporation issued a guaranty to Barclays Bank 
PLC as Credit Support Provider to AROC Energy, L.P. under the Barclays 
Master Agreement.
 
2. 	1992 ISDA Master Agreement, by and between AROC Energy, L.P. and Bank 
of America, N.A., dated August 18, 2003 (the “BOA Master Agreement”). 
General Electric Capital Corporation issued a guaranty to Bank of America, 
N.A. as Credit Support Provider to AROC Energy, L.P. under the BOA Master 
Agreement.