 EX-10.1 2 emrise_8k-ex1001.txt COMMITMENT LETTER Exhibit 10.1 November 7, 
2007 John Donovan Vice President of Finance and Administration Emrise 
Corporation 945 Haven Avenue, Suite 100 Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730 Re: 
Commitment Letter concerning certain loan financing in the amount of 
$23,000,000 by and between GVEC Resource IV Inc. and The Borrowers (each as 
described herein) Dear John: 1. Background. Reference is made to the fact 
that EMRISE CORPORATION and certain of its subsidiaries (collectively the 
"Borrowers") each intends to obtain a revolving credit facility and term 
loans (i) to finance recapitalization of current outstanding debt, (ii) the 
consumption of acquisitions, and (iii) to provide general working capital 
for its business. In connection with the above, the Borrowers intend to 
obtain the following: a) a revolving credit facility not to exceed seven 
million dollars ($7,000,000) (the "Revolving Loan"); b) a term loan in an 
outstanding principal amount of six million dollars ($6,000,000) (the "Term 
Loan A") which will be fully funded at the close; and c) an acquisition 
facility in the amount of ten million dollars ($10,000,000) (the "Term Loan 
B"), and collectively with the Revolving Loan and Term Loan A (the 
"Financing"). - 1 - In connection with the foregoing, the Borrowers intend 
to obtain the Financing from GVEC Resource IV Inc., a business company, 
organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands (the "Lender") 
(which is a company doing business with Private Equity Management Group, 
Inc. ("PEM Group")). The Financing will be secured by a first priority 
broad lien on a security interest in, all the assets of the Borrowers and 
their subsidiaries and the Financing will be subject to the terms and 
conditions as set forth in Exhibit A, attached hereto (the "Summary of 
Terms"). The transactions terms, conditions, and restrictions described 
above are collectively referred to herein as the "Transaction." 2. 
Commitment. PEM Group is pleased to confirm that, subject to the 
provisions, terms, and conditions set forth herein, unless otherwise 
stated, PEM Group hereby commits to the Lender to provide the Financing to 
the Borrowers, upon the terms specified herein and in the attached Summary 
of Terms. 3. Information Provided. The Borrowers represent and warrant 
that: (i) no written information that has been or is hereafter furnished by 
the Borrowers or on behalf of the Borrowers in connection with the 
transactions contemplated hereby; and (ii) no other information given at 
information meetings with the Borrowers and supplied or approved by the 
Borrowers (such written information and other information being referred to 
herein collectively as the "Information") contains (or, in the case of 
Information furnished after the date hereof, will contain), any untrue 
statement or omission of material fact necessary to make the statements 
therein not misleading, in the light of the circumstances under which they 
were (or hereafter are) made; provided that, with respect to Information 
consisting of statements, estimates and projections regarding the future 
performance of the Borrowers and/or their respective affiliates 
(collectively, the "Projections"), no representation or warranty is made 
other than that the Projections have been (and, in the case of Projections 
furnished after the date hereof, will be) prepared in good faith based on 
assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation thereof 
(it being understood that the Projections are subject to significant 
uncertainties and contingencies, and that no assurance can be given that 
such Projections will not change from time to time in the future. The 
Borrowers will promptly provide to the - 2 - Lender any material changes to 
any financial information previously provided to the Lender. 4. Conditions 
Precedent. The Lender's commitments and agreements hereunder are expressly 
made subject to the Conditions Precedent set forth in the Summary of Terms 
attached hereto. 5. Fees. As consideration for the commitments and 
agreements of the Lender hereunder, the Borrowers agree to cause to be paid 
the fees described, earned and committed to be paid in accordance with the 
Summary of Terms. Without in any manner limiting the foregoing, and to 
further induce the Lender to issue this letter (together with the Summary 
of Terms, this "Commitment Letter") and to proceed with the documentation 
of the proposed Financing, the Borrowers hereby agree to reimburse PEM 
Group, the Lender and their affiliates on demand therefore all 
out-of-pocket costs and expense (including, without limitation, legal fees 
and expenses of counsel to PEM Group and the Lender, appraisal, consulting 
and audit fees, and printing, reproduction, document delivery, travel, 
communication and publicity costs) incurred in connection with the 
negotiation, and finalization of the Financing, and the preparation, 
review, negotiation, execution and/or delivery of the Summary of Terms, 
this Commitment Letter, the Financing Documents, and the administration, 
amendment, modification or waiver thereof (or any proposed amendment, 
modification or waiver), whether or not the closing occurs or any financing 
documentation related to the Financing is executed and delivered or any 
extensions of credit are made under the Financing. The Borrowers further 
agree to indemnify and hold harmless PEM Group and the Lender, and each 
other agent or co-agent (if any) with respect to the Financing, and their 
respective affiliates and each director, officer, employee, representative 
and agent thereof (each, an "indemnified person") from and any or such 
indemnified person as a result of or arising out of or in any way related 
to or resulting from the Summary of Terms, this Commitment Letter and, upon 
demand, to pay and reimburse each indemnified person for any legal or other 
out-of-pocket expense paid or incurred in connection with investigating, 
defending or preparing to defend any such action, suit, proceeding 
(including any inquiry or investigation) or claim (whether or not such 
indemnified person is a party to any action or - 3 - proceeding out of 
which any expenses arise). Neither PEM Group nor the Lender nor any other 
indemnified person shall be responsible or liable to any person or entity 
for (x) any determination made by it pursuant to this Commitment Letter, 
(y) any damages arising from the use by others of information transmission 
systems, or (z) any indirect, special, incidental, punitive or 
consequential damages (including, without limitation, any loss of profits, 
business or anticipated savings) which may be alleged as a result of this 
Commitment Letter or the financing contemplated hereby. 6. Affiliated 
Parties. PEM Group and the Lender reserve the right to employ the services 
of their respective affiliates in providing services contemplated by this 
Commitment Letter and to allocate, in whole or in part, to their affiliates 
certain fees payable hereunder in such manner as PEM Group and the Lender 
and their affiliates may agree in their sole discretion. The Borrowers 
consent to and agree that the PEM Group or the Lender may at any time and 
from time to time assign all or any portion of its commitments hereunder to 
one or more of their affiliates. The Borrowers further consent to and agree 
that (i) PEM Group and the Lender may each share with any of their 
affiliates any information related to the Transaction, the Borrowers (and 
their respective affiliates and subsidiaries), or any of the matters 
contemplated hereby, and (ii) PEM Group and the Lender or their affiliates 
may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services 
(including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of 
which the Borrowers (and their respective affiliates) may have conflicting 
interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. 7. Tax 
Consequences. The Borrowers hereby represent and acknowledge that none of 
PEM Group, the Lender or any employees or agents of, or other persons 
affiliated with PEM Group or the Lender have directly or indirectly made or 
provided any statement (oral or written) to the Borrowers or to any of 
employees or agents of the Borrowers, or other persons affiliated with or 
related to the Borrowers (or, so far as the Borrowers are aware, to any 
other person), as to the potential tax consequences of the Transaction. 8. 
Survival. The reimbursement, indemnification, jurisdiction and 
confidentiality provisions contained herein shall survive any termination 
of this Commitment Letter. - 4 - 9. Verification. In order to comply with 
the USA PATRIOT Act, PEM Group and the Lender must each obtain, verify, and 
record information that sufficiently identifies each entity (or individual) 
that enters into a business relationship with PEM Group or the Lender. As a 
result, in addition to the various corporate names and addresses of the 
Borrowers, PEM Group and the Lender will each be entitled to obtain 
corporate tax identification numbers and certain other information 
regarding the Borrowers. PEM Group and the Lender may also request relevant 
corporate resolutions and other identifying documents. 10. No Assignment; 
Termination. This Commitment Letter (and any rights and obligations 
hereunder of the Borrowers) shall not be assignable by the Borrowers to any 
person or entity without the prior written consent of PEM Group and the 
Lender (and any purported assignment without such consent shall be null and 
void). This Commitment Letter is intended to be solely for the benefit of 
the parties hereto and is not intended to confer any benefits upon, or 
create any rights in favor of, any person or entity other than the parties 
hereto (and indemnified persons) and may not be relied upon by any other 
person or entity. This Commitment Letter is not intended to create a 
fiduciary relationship among the parties hereto. Each of PEM Group's and 
the Lender's willingness, and commitments, with respect to the Financing as 
set forth above will terminate on December 7, 2007. (the "Commitment 
Termination Date") (other than with respect to ongoing indemnities, 
confidentiality provisions and other provisions intended to survive the 
termination hereof). 11. Miscellaneous. The following provisions shall be 
applicable to this Commitment Letter: (a) Reliance on Information. In 
undertaking this commitment, PEM Group and the Lender are relying and will 
continue to rely, without independent verification, thereof, on the 
accuracy of the information furnished to it by the Borrowers, and the 
representations and warranties referenced herein. PEM Group and the Lender 
may also rely on any publicly available information issued or authorized to 
be issued by the Borrowers or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. PEM 
Group and the Lender have no obligation to investigate, and have not 
undertaken any independent investigation of, any - 5 - information or 
materials, public or otherwise, made available by the Borrowers or any of 
their respective affiliates. (b) Complete Agreement; Waivers and Other 
Changes to be in Writing. This Commitment Letter supersedes all previous 
negotiations, agreements and other understandings relating to the 
Financing. Please note, however, that the terms and conditions to be set 
forth in the loan documents that will evidence and govern the Financing are 
not limited to those set forth herein. Those matters that are not covered 
or made clear herein are subject to the final approval of PEM Group and the 
Lender. No alteration, waiver, amendment or supplement of or to this 
Commitment Letter shall be binding or effective unless the same is set 
forth in writing signed by a duly authorized representative of each party 
hereto or thereto. (c) Power, Authority and Binding Effect. Each of the 
parties hereto represents and warrants to the other parties hereto that (i) 
it has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Commitment 
Letter, and (ii) this Commitment Letter has been duly and validly 
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of such party, has 
been duly executed and delivered by such party and constitutes a legally 
valid and binding agreement of such party, enforceable against it in 
accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other 
similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
(d) Time. Time shall be of the essence whenever and wherever a date or 
period of time is prescribed or referred to in this Commitment Letter. (e) 
Governing Law; Consent to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial. This 
Commitment Letter shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of California. THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT 
TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM, ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING 
ARISING OUT OF THIS COMMITMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS OR THE MATTERS 
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS COMMITMENT. EACH PARTY HEREBY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE 
JURISDICTION OF THE FEDERAL AND CALIFORNIA - 6 - COURTS LOCATED IN THE CITY 
OF LOS ANGELES IN CONNECTION WITH ANY DISPUTE RELATED TO THIS COMMITMENT, 
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS COMMITMENT OR ANY MATTERS RELATED TO 
THIS COMMITMENT. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, THIS LETTER MAY BE FILED AS A 
WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT. (f) No Rights or Liability. This 
Commitment Letter shall not create, nor shall it be construed as creating, 
any rights enforceable by a person or entity not a party hereto, except as 
provided in the indemnification provisions. (g) No Liability for Special or 
Punitive Damages. To the fullest extent that a claim for punitive damages 
may lawfully be waived, no party hereto shall ever be liable for any 
punitive damages on any claim (whether founded in contract, tort, legal 
duty or any other theory of liability) arising from or related in any 
manner to this Commitment Letter or the negotiation, execution, 
administration, performance, breach, or enforcement of this Commitment 
Letter or the instruments and agreements evidencing, governing or relating 
to the Financing contemplated hereby or any amendment thereto or the 
consummation of, or any failure to consummate, the Financing or any act, 
omission, breach or wrongful conduct in any manner related thereto. (h) 
Counterparts. This Commitment Letter may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original, and all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an 
executed counterpart of this Commitment Letter by facsimile shall be 
effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this commitment 
Letter. Please evidence your acceptance of the provisions of this 
Commitment Letter, including, without limitation, the attached Summary of 
Terms, by (i) signing the enclosed copy of this Commitment Letter; and (ii) 
returning the signed Commitment Letter to the undersigned on or before 5:00 
P.M. (Eastern Standard Time) five (5) calendar days after the date of 
execution of this Commitment Letter by the Lender, the time at which this 
Commitment Letter (if not so accepted prior thereto) will expire. - 7 - 
Very truly yours, PRIVATE EQUITY MANAGEMENT GROUP, INC. By: By: 
---------------------------- ---------------------------------- Robert J. 
Anderson Peter Paul Mendel Chief Operating Officer Secretary and General 
Counsel [ THE BORROWER' EXECUTED COUNTERPART ON FOLLOWING PAGE ] - 8 - 
AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED ON BEHALF OF THE BORROWERS as of this _____ day of 
November, 2007: EMRISE CORPORATION A Delaware Corporation By: 
--------------------------- Name: ------------------------- Title: 
----------------------- One Park Plaza, Suite 550, Irvine, California 92614 
Phone 949.757.0977 Fax 949.757.0978 www.pemgroup.com - 9 - EXHIBIT A 
SUMMARY OF TERMS This Summary of Terms is part of the Commitment Letter, 
dated November 7, 2007 addressed to Emrise Corporation ("Emrise") that 
Private Equity Management Group, Inc. ("PEM Group") will arrange to 
establish through an entity that will lend (hereinafter referred to as the 
"Lender") a Financing Facility of $23,000,000 (the "Facility"). The 
Facility will provide capital for (i) the payment of certain specified 
obligations, (ii) the making of certain specified acquisitions, and (iii) 
general working capital requirements. BORROWER: Emrise Corporation (the 
"Parent") and -------- certain of its domestic subsidiaries as required by 
the Lender (collectively the "Borrower"). GUARANTORS: Certain foreign 
subsidiaries of the Parent ---------- (the Borrower and the Guarantors each 
a "Loan Party" and collectively the "Loan Parties"). LENDER: GVEC Resource 
IV Inc. ------ FACILITY: A facility totaling not more than $23 -------- 
million outstanding, consisting of a revolving loan limited to $7 million 
(the "Revolving Loan"). A Term Loan A for $6 million and a Term Loan B for 
$10 million. Term Loan A shall be fully funded on the Closing Date (as 
defined herein). CLOSING DATE AND FUNDING: The first date on which 
definitive loan ----------------------- documentation satisfactory to the 
Lender is executed by the Loan Parties and the - 10 - Lender but no later 
than December 7, 2007. The Revolving Loan will be limited to $7 million. 
The advance rate to the Borrower shall not exceed eighty-five percent (85%) 
of the Borrower's eligible accounts receivable, up to fifty percent (50%) 
of the finished goods inventory and up to ten percent (10%) of the raw 
material inventory as defined by the Lender. All accounts receivable 
proceeds whether eligible accounts receivable or not will float through 
lock boxes established at commercial banks of mutual agreement by the 
Lender and the Borrower with regard to foreign accounts and U.S. 
receivables. Term Loan A shall be fully funded and paid into an account 
specified by the Borrower on the Closing Date subject to payment of the 
commitment fee as provided below. Term Loan B will be available for funding 
for up to eighteen (18) months ("Availability Period") after the Closing 
Date. TERM: The Revolving Loan will have a term of a one ---- (1) year, 
Term Loan A will have a term of three (3) years, and any portion of Term 
Loan B that has been used prior to the expiration of the Availability 
Period will have a term of three (3) years following the Closing Date (the 
"Maturity Dates"). The Borrower may elect to require the Lender to renew 
the Revolving Loan two (2) times, each for a period of one (1) year, 
subject to such specific conditions as outlined by the Lender. INTEREST: 
The Revolving Loan shall bear interest at -------- the rate per annum equal 
to one and one quarter percent (1.25%) above the Reference Rate adjusted on 
the 1st day of every month following any change to the Reference Rate. Term 
Loan A and Term Loan - 11 - B shall bear interest at the rate per annum 
equal to four and one quarter percent (4.25%) above the Reference Rate from 
time to time in effect, adjusted on the 1st day of the month following any 
change to the Reference Rate. At no time shall the Reference Rate referred 
to above be less than eight and one quarter percent (8.25%). As used 
herein, "Reference Rate" means at any time, the rate of interest most 
recently published in the "Money Rates" column of the Wall Street Journal 
as the "Prime Rate." All interest and fees shall be computed on the basis 
of a year of 360 days for the actual days elapsed. If any event of default 
shall occur and be continuing, interest shall accrue at a rate per annum 
equal to four percent (4%) in excess of the rate of interest otherwise in 
effect until such time as the default has been cured. TRANSACTION Borrower 
shall pay PEMG an advisory fee ----------- equal to three and 
three-quarters percent ADVISORY FEE: (3.75%) of the Maximum Credit amount 
------------ available under the Facility. The entire advisory fee will be 
deemed earned upon issuance and execution of the commitment letter and 
payable at the earlier of the close or expiration of said commitment. 
UNUSED Borrower shall pay an unused line fee of one ----- half percent 
(0.5%) per annum, payable LINE FEES: monthly, on the unused portion of the 
--------- Revolving Loan commitment and an unused facility fee equal to one 
half of one percent (0.5%) per annum, payable monthly, on the unused 
portion of the Term Loan B commitment. - 12 - WARRANTS: Lender or an entity 
of Lender's choice shall receive Warrants, to purchase the Borrower's 
common stock, with a value equal to twenty percent (20%) of the committed 
amounts of Term Loan A and B. The Warrants shall be for a term of seven (7) 
years and at a strike price equal to $1.10 per share. By way of example, 
assuming the total amount of the Term Loan A and Term Loan B is equal to 
$16,000,000, Borrower will issue a Warrants to purchase 2,909,090 shares of 
Borrower's common stock calculated as follows: [($16,000,000 total term 
debt x 20% coverage) / $1.10 strike price]. Lender shall receive 
registration rights with respect to the shares of common stock underlying 
the Warrants and standard minority investor rights, including but not 
limited to anti-dilution rights and piggy-back rights. The Warrants shall 
be exercisable in cash. However, if after one year from the date of closing 
there is no effective registration statement registering or no current 
prospectus available for, the resale of the shares of common stock 
underlying the Warrants by the Lender, then the Warrants may also be 
exercised at such time and thereafter by means of a "cashless exercise." 
USE OF PROCEEDS: The Loans under the Facility will be used --------------- 
for (i) the payment of certain specified obligations consistent with the 
schedule of the sources and uses of funds attached hereto as Annex A, (ii) 
the making of certain specified acquisitions, and (iii) general working 
capital requirements necessary to operate the business. The use of proceeds 
for the Term Loan B shall be approved by Lender, which approval shall not 
be unreasonably withheld. REPRESENTATIONS Usual representations and 
warranties, --------------- including, but not limited to, corporate AND 
WARRANTIES: existence and good standing, authority to -------------- enter 
into - 13 - loan documentation, governmental approvals, non-violation of 
other agreements, financial statements, litigation, compliance with 
environmental, pension and other laws, taxes, insurance, absence of 
material adverse change. COVENANTS: Usual covenants, including, but not 
limited --------- to, provision of financial statements, notices of 
litigation, compliance with pension, environmental and other laws, 
inspection of properties, books and records, maintenance of insurance, 
limitations with respect to liens and encumbrances, dividends and 
retirement of capital stock, guarantees, sale and lease back transactions, 
consolidations and mergers, investments, capital expenditures, loans and 
advances, indebtedness, operating leases, transactions with affiliates, 
prepayment of other indebtedness and amendments to material agreements. 
Financial covenants including maximum leverage ratio, debt service coverage 
ratio, minimum EBITDA and maximum capital expenditures, which shall be 
reasonably determined by the Lender and mutually agreed to by Borrower. 
Financial reporting to include: (i) annual financial statements, (ii) 
quarterly, internally prepared, financial statements, and (v) other 
reporting as required by the Lender. EVENTS OF DEFAULT: Usual events of 
default with mutually ----------------- acceptable cure periods, including, 
but not limited to, payment, cross-default, violation of covenants, breach 
of representations or warranties, bankruptcy or insolvency, judgment, 
ERISA, environmental and change of control. - 14 - SYNDICATION RIGHTS: The 
Lender reserves the right to assign any ------------------ portion of the 
Facility to one or more of its affiliated lenders or funds at any time. The 
Lender reserves the right to syndicate, sell or participate out any portion 
of the Facility to a commercial bank, financial institution or any other 
person provided that the Lender's obligations under the loan documents 
remain unchanged. CONDITIONS The obligation of the Lender to make any 
---------- Loans under the Facility will be subject to PRECEDENT: customary 
conditions precedent including, --------- without limitation, the following 
initial conditions precedent: a) Execution and delivery of appropriate 
legal documentation in form and substance satisfactory to and required by 
the Lender and its counsel (including, without limitation, the financing 
agreement, the security and pledge agreements, the mortgages and title 
insurance policies, the guaranties and the control agreements, completion 
of background checks on key managers and principals and entities (the 
results of which are satisfactory to the Lender) and the satisfaction of 
the conditions precedent by the Lender. b) There shall have occurred no 
event or condition which has had, or is reasonably likely to have, a 
material adverse change. c) The Lender's completion of its legal due 
diligence, including, without limitation, all ERISA, environmental, tax, 
accounting - 15 - and labor matters, with results satisfactory to the 
Lender; all necessary governmental and third party consents and approvals 
necessary in connection with the Facility and the transactions contemplated 
thereby shall have been obtained (without the imposition of any conditions 
that are not reasonably acceptable to the Lender) and shall remain in 
effect; and no law or regulation shall be applicable in the reasonable 
judgment of the Lender that restrains, prevents or imposes materially 
adverse conditions upon the Facility or the transactions contemplated 
thereby. d) The Lender shall have been granted a perfected, first priority 
lien on all collateral, and shall have received UCC, tax and judgment lien 
searches and other appropriate evidence (including title reports and 
surveys relating to all owned real property comprising collateral), 
evidencing the absence of any other liens on the collateral, except 
existing liens acceptable to the Lender. All of the outstanding stock of 
the Borrower's subsidiaries as well as the proceeds and products of the 
foregoing shall be pledged as part of the collateral. e) Opinions from the 
Loan Parties' counsel as to such matters as the Lender and counsel to the 
Lender may reasonably request. f) The Lender's loan origination costs 
including, without limitation, audit fees, attorneys' fees, search fees, 
title fees, documentation and filing fees, shall have been paid by the 
Borrower. The Lender shall have received such financial and other 
information regarding the Loan Parties as the Lender may reasonably 
request. - 16 - g) Subordination of the Yost and McDermott notes. h) The 
existing senior debt obligations of the Borrower shall be repaid at 
closing. i) Such other conditions precedent as set forth in the October 12, 
2007 draft Credit Agreement circulated among the Lender and the Borrower. 
CONDITIONS Within thirty (30) days of the Closing Date, ---------- the 
Borrowers shall deliver to the Lender SUBSEQUENT executed landlord waivers 
(for warehouses of ---------- the Borrowers), in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Lender and its counsel. PREPAYMENT PENALTIES: 
Prepayment penalties for the Facility is as ------------------- follows: 3% 
Year 1 2% Year 2 EXCLUSIVITY: None of the Loan Parties, its subsidiaries, 
----------- the Borrower or their representatives shall enter into 
discussions with any other person regarding a competing debt transaction 
until expiration of the commitment letter. If any entity or person makes 
any inquiry, proposal, offer, or contact with respect to any transaction 
described above, the Borrower will immediately notify Lender in writing of 
such incident and all related details. GOVERNING LAW: All documentation in 
connection with the -------------- Facility shall be governed by the laws 
of the State of California or as determined by the Lender at their sole 
discretion. - 17 - LENDERS LOAN DOCUMENTATION: Lender's loan documentation 
shall be -------------------------- consistent with the terms stated in 
this Summary of Terms. OUT-OF-POCKET All fees, including reasonable legal 
fees, ------------- costs and expenses of counsel to the Lender, EXPENSES 
AND DEPOSIT: and all out-of-pocket expenses associated -------------------- 
with the transaction, are to be paid by the Loan Parties whether or not the 
transaction is consummated. Lender reserves the right to request additional 
deposits from the Borrower to cover the expenses detailed above regardless 
of whether a transaction is consummated or not. ADVERTISEMENT OF Lender 
shall have the right to publish ---------------- tombstone advertisements 
containing PARTICIPATION IN Borrower's logo and announcing its 
---------------- participation in the financing of Borrower. TRANSACTION 
Borrower has the right to approve the ----------- contents of any 
advertisements prior to publication by Lender, which consent will not be 
unreasonably withheld. In addition, Borrower will include reference to 
Lender's participation in any tombstones issued by Borrower regarding the 
financing transaction. - 18 -