 EX-10.4 6 exh10-4_15497.txt SPLIT-OFF AGREEMENT EXHIBIT 10.4 ------------ 
SPLIT-OFF AGREEMENT SPLIT-OFF AGREEMENT, dated as of November __, 2007 
(this "Agreement"), by and among RedRoller Holdings, Inc. (formerly known 
as Aslahan Enterprises Ltd.), a Delaware corporation ("Seller"), Tina 
Sangha ("Buyer"), Aslahan Web Services, Inc., a Nevada corporation (OAWSO), 
and RedRoller, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the OCompanyO). R E C I T A L 
S: WHEREAS, Seller is the owner of all of the issued and outstanding 
capital stock of AWS. AWS is a newly-formed wholly owned subsidiary of 
Seller which was organized to acquire, and has acquired substantially all 
the assets and liabilities of Seller. Seller has no other business or 
operations; WHEREAS, concurrently with and as a condition to the execution 
of this Agreement, Seller, the Company, and a newly-formed wholly-owned 
Delaware subsidiary of Seller, RedRoller Acquisition Corp. ("Acquisition 
Corp."), will enter into an Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization 
(the "Merger Agreement") pursuant to which Acquisition Corp. will merge 
with and into the Company with the Company being the surviving entity (the 
"Merger"), and the stockholders of the Company receiving shares of common 
stock in Seller in exchange for their common stock in the Company; WHEREAS, 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement is a condition to the 
Company's execution of the Merger Agreement. The consummation of the 
purchase and sale transaction contemplated by this Agreement is also a 
condition to the completion of the Merger pursuant to the Merger Agreement. 
Seller has represented to the Company in the Merger Agreement that the 
purchase and sale transaction contemplated by this Agreement would be 
consummated in connection with the consummation of the Merger, and the 
Company relied on such representation in entering into the Merger 
Agreement; WHEREAS, Buyer desires to purchase the Shares (as defined in 
Section 1.1) from Seller, and to assume, as between Seller and Buyer, all 
responsibilities for any debts, obligations and liabilities of AWS, on the 
terms and subject to the conditions specified in this Agreement; and 
WHEREAS, Seller desires to sell and transfer the Shares to the Buyer, on 
the terms and subject to the conditions specified in this Agreement. NOW, 
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants, promises, 
and agreements herein set forth and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending legally to be bound, agree as 
follows. I. PURCHASE AND SALE OF STOCK. 1.1 PURCHASED SHARES. Subject to 
the terms and conditions provided below, Seller shall sell and transfer to 
Buyer and Buyer shall purchase from Seller, on the Closing Date (as defined 
in Section 1.3), all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of 
AWS (the "Shares"). 1.2 PURCHASE PRICE. The purchase price for the Shares 
shall be the transfer and delivery by Buyer to Seller of 8,000,000 shares 
of common stock of Seller that buyer owns (the "Purchase Price Shares"), 
deliverable as provided in Section 2.2. 1.3 CLOSING. The closing of the 
transactions contemplated in this Agreement (the "Closing") shall take 
place as soon as practicable following the execution of this Agreement. The 
date on which the Closing occurs shall be referred to herein as the Closing 
Date (the "Closing Date"). II. CLOSING. 2.1 TRANSFER OF SHARES. At the 
Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer certificates representing the 
Shares, duly endorsed to Buyer or as directed by Buyer, which delivery 
shall vest Buyer with good and marketable title to all of the issued and 
outstanding shares of capital stock of AWS, free and clear of all liens and 
encumbrances. 2.2 PAYMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE. At the Closing, Buyer shall 
deliver to Seller a certificate or certificates representing the Purchase 
Price Shares duly endorsed to Seller, which delivery shall vest Seller with 
good and marketable title to the Purchase Price Shares, free and clear of 
all liens and encumbrances. 2.3 TRANSFER OF RECORDS. On or before the 
Closing, Seller shall arrange for transfer to AWS all existing corporate 
books and records in Seller's possession relating to AWS and its business, 
including but not limited to all agreements, litigation files, real estate 
files, intellectual property, Internet domain names, personnel files and 
filings with governmental agencies; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, when any such 
documents relate to both Seller and AWS, only copies of such documents need 
be furnished. On or before the Closing, Buyer and AWS shall transfer to 
Seller all existing corporate books and records 2 in the possession of 
Buyer or AWS relating to Seller, including but not limited to all corporate 
minute books, stock ledgers, certificates and corporate seals of Seller and 
all agreements, litigation files, real property files, personnel files and 
filings with governmental agencies; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, when any such 
documents relate to both Seller and AWS or its business, only copies of 
such documents need be furnished. III. BUYER'S REPRESENTATIONS AND 
WARRANTIES. Buyer represents and warrants to Seller and the Company that: 
3.1 CAPACITY AND ENFORCEABILITY. Buyer has the legal capacity to execute 
and deliver this Agreement and the documents to be executed and delivered 
by Buyer at the Closing pursuant to the transactions contemplated hereby. 
This Agreement and all such documents constitute valid and binding 
agreements of Buyer, enforceable in accordance with their terms. 3.2 
COMPLIANCE. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by Buyer will result 
in the breach of any term or provision of, or constitute a default under, 
or violate any agreement, indenture, instrument, order, law or regulation 
to which Buyer is a party or by which Buyer is bound. 3.3 PURCHASE FOR 
INVESTMENT. Buyer is financially able to bear the economic risks of 
acquiring an interest in AWS and the other transactions contemplated 
hereby, and has no need for liquidity in this investment. Buyer has such 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters in general and 
with respect to businesses of a nature similar to the business of AWS so as 
to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of, and making an informed 
business decision with regard to, the acquisition of the Shares. Buyer is 
acquiring the Shares solely for his own account and not with a view to or 
for resale in connection with any distribution or public offering thereof, 
within the meaning of any applicable securities laws and regulations, 
unless such distribution or offering is registered under the Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or an exemption from such 
registration is available. Buyer has (i) received all the information he 
has deemed necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect 
to the acquisition of the Shares; (ii) had an opportunity to make such 
investigation as he has desired pertaining to AWS and the acquisition of an 
interest therein and to verify the information which is, and has been, made 
available to him; and (iii) had the opportunity to ask questions of Seller 
concerning AWS. Buyer acknowledges that Buyer is an officer and director of 
Seller and AWS and, as such, has actual knowledge of the business, 
operations and financial affairs of AWS. Buyer has received no public 
solicitation or advertisement with respect to the offer or sale of the 
Shares. Buyer realizes that the 3 Shares are "restricted securities" as 
that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange 
Commission under the Securities Act, the resale of the Shares is restricted 
by federal and state securities laws and, accordingly, the Shares must be 
held indefinitely unless their resale is subsequently registered under the 
Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is available for 
their resale. Buyer understands that any resale of the Shares by him must 
be registered under the Securities Act (and any applicable state securities 
law) or be effected in circumstances that, in the opinion of counsel for 
AWS at the time, create an exemption or otherwise do not require 
registration under the Securities Act (or applicable state securities 
laws). Buyer acknowledges and consents that certificates now or hereafter 
issued for the Shares will bear a legend substantially as follows: THE 
SECURITIES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR QUALIFIED 
UNDER ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS (THE "STATE ACTS"), HAVE BEEN 
ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND QUALIFICATION UNDER THE STATE ACTS OR EXEMPTIONS FROM 
SUCH REGISTRATION OR QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS (INCLUDING, IN THE CASE OF 
THE SECURITIES ACT, THE EXEMPTIONS AFFORDED BY SECTION 4(1) OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND RULE 144 THEREUNDER). AS A PRECONDITION TO ANY SUCH 
TRANSFER, THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES SHALL BE FURNISHED WITH AN OPINION 
OF COUNSEL OPINING AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF EXEMPTIONS FROM SUCH 
REGISTRATION AND QUALIFICATION AND/OR SUCH OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY BE 
SATISFACTORY THERETO THAT ANY SUCH TRANSFER WILL NOT VIOLATE THE SECURITIES 
LAWS. Buyer understands that the Shares are being sold to him pursuant to 
the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(1) of the Securities 
Act and that the Seller is relying upon the representations made herein as 
one of the bases for claiming the Section 4(1) exemption. 3.4 LIABILITIES. 
Following the Closing, Seller will have no liability for any debts, 
liabilities or obligations of AWS or its business or activities, and there 
are no outstanding guaranties, performance or payment bonds, letters of 
credit or other contingent contractual obligations that have been 
undertaken by Seller directly or indirectly in relation to AWS or its 
business and that may survive the Closing. 4 3.5 TITLE TO PURCHASE PRICE 
SHARES. Buyer is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Purchase Price 
Shares. At Closing, Buyer will have good and marketable title to the 
Purchase Price Shares, which Purchase Price Shares are, and at the Closing 
will be, free and clear of all options, warrants, pledges, claims, liens, 
and encumbrances and any restrictions or limitations prohibiting or 
restricting transfer to Seller, except for restrictions on transfer as 
contemplated by applicable securities laws. IV. SELLER'S AND AWS' 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Seller and AWS, jointly and severally, 
represent and warrant to Buyer that: 4.1 ORGANIZATION AND GOOD STANDING. 
Seller is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing, and in good 
standing under the laws of the State of Nevada. AWS is a corporation duly 
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the 
State of Nevada. 4.2 AUTHORITY AND ENFORCEABILITY. The execution and 
delivery of this Agreement and the documents to be executed and delivered 
at the Closing pursuant to the transactions contemplated hereby, and 
performance in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, have been duly 
authorized by Seller and all such documents constitute the valid and 
binding agreements of Seller enforceable in accordance with their terms. 
4.3 TITLE TO SHARES. Seller is the sole record and beneficial owner of the 
Shares. At Closing, Seller will have good and marketable title to the 
Shares, which Shares are, and at the Closing will be, free and clear of all 
options, warrants, pledges, claims, liens and encumbrances, and any 
restrictions or limitations prohibiting or restricting transfer to Buyer, 
except for restrictions on transfer as contemplated by Section 3.3 above. 
The Shares constitute all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital 
stock of AWS. 4.4 WARN ACT. AWS does not have a sufficient number of 
employees to make it subject to the Worker Adjustment and Retraining 
Notification Act ("WARN Act"). 4.5 REPRESENTATIONS IN MERGER AGREEMENT. AWS 
represents and warrants that all of the representations and warranties by 
Seller, insofar as they relate to AWS, contained in the Merger Agreement 
are true and correct. V. OBLIGATIONS OF BUYER PENDING CLOSING. Buyer 
covenants and agrees that between the date hereof and the Closing: 5.1 NOT 
IMPAIR PERFORMANCE. Buyer shall not take any intentional action that 5 
would cause the conditions upon the obligations of the parties hereto to 
effect the transactions contemplated hereby not to be fulfilled, including, 
without limitation, taking or causing to be taken any action that would 
cause the representations and warranties made by any party herein not to be 
true, correct and accurate as of the Closing, or in any way impairing the 
ability of Seller to satisfy its obligations as provided in Article VI. 5.2 
ASSIST PERFORMANCE. Buyer shall exercise its reasonable best efforts to 
cause to be fulfilled those conditions precedent to Seller's obligations to 
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby which are dependent upon 
actions of Buyer and to make and/or obtain any necessary filings and 
consents in order to consummate the sale transaction contemplated by this 
Agreement. VI. OBLIGATIONS OF SELLER PENDING CLOSING. Seller covenants and 
agrees that between the date hereof and the Closing: 6.1 BUSINESS AS USUAL. 
AWS shall operate and Seller shall cause AWS to operate in accordance with 
past practices and shall use best efforts to preserve its goodwill and the 
goodwill of its employees, customers and others having business dealings 
with AWS. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, from the date 
of this Agreement until the Closing Date, AWS shall (a) make all normal and 
customary repairs to its equipment, assets and facilities, (b) keep in 
force all insurance, (c) preserve in full force and effect all material 
franchises, licenses, contracts and real property interests and comply in 
all material respects with all laws and regulations, (d) collect all 
accounts receivable and pay all trade creditors in the ordinary course of 
business at intervals historically experienced, and (e) preserve and 
maintain AWS's assets in their current operating condition and repair, 
ordinary wear and tear excepted. AWS shall not (i) amend, terminate or 
surrender any material franchise, license, contract or real property 
interest, or (ii) sell or dispose of any of its assets except in the 
ordinary course of business. Neither AWS nor Buyer shall take or omit to 
take any action that results in Seller incurring any liability or 
obligation prior to or in connection with the Closing. 6.2 NOT IMPAIR 
PERFORMANCE. Seller shall not take any intentional action that would cause 
the conditions upon the obligations of the parties hereto to effect the 
transactions contemplated hereby not to be fulfilled, including, without 
limitation, taking or causing to be taken any action which would cause the 
representations and warranties made by any party herein not to be 
materially true, correct and accurate as of the Closing, or in any way 
impairing the ability of Buyer to satisfy his obligations as provided in 
Article V. 6.3 ASSIST PERFORMANCE. Seller shall exercise its reasonable 
best efforts to cause to 6 be fulfilled those conditions precedent to 
Buyer's obligations to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby 
which are dependent upon the actions of Seller and to work with Buyer to 
make and/or obtain any necessary filings and consents. Seller shall cause 
AWS to comply with its obligations under this Agreement. VII. SELLER'S AND 
AWS' CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING. The obligations of Seller and AWS to 
close the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject to the 
satisfaction at or prior to the Closing of each of the following conditions 
precedent (any or all of which may be waived by Seller and the Company in 
writing): 7.1 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; PERFORMANCE. All 
representations and warranties of Buyer contained in this Agreement shall 
have been true and correct, in all material respects, when made and shall 
be true and correct, in all material respects, at and as of the Closing, 
with the same effect as though such representations and warranties were 
made at and as of the Closing. Buyer shall have performed and complied with 
all covenants and agreements and satisfied all conditions, in all material 
respects, required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with or 
satisfied by Buyer at or prior to the Closing. 7.2 ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS. 
Buyer shall deliver or cause to be delivered such additional documents as 
may be necessary in connection with the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement and the performance of their obligations 
hereunder. 7.3 RELEASE BY AWS. At the Closing, AWS shall execute and 
deliver to Seller and the Company a general release which in substance and 
effect releases Seller and the Company from any and all liabilities and 
obligations that Seller and the Company may owe to AWS in any capacity and 
from any and all claims that AWS may have against Seller, the Company, or 
their respective managers, members, officers, directors, stockholders, 
employees and agents (other than those arising pursuant to this Agreement 
or any document delivered in connection with this Agreement). VIII. BUYER'S 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING. The obligation of Buyer to close the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction 
at or prior to the Closing of each of the following conditions precedent 
(any and all of which may be waived by Buyer in writing): 8.1 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; PERFORMANCE. All representations and 
warranties of Seller and AWS contained in this Agreement shall have been 
true 7 and correct, in all material respects, when made and shall be true 
and correct, in all material respects, at and as of the Closing with the 
same effect as though such representations and warranties were made at and 
as of the Closing. Seller and AWS shall have performed and complied with 
all covenants and agreements and satisfied all conditions, in all material 
respects, required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with or 
satisfied by them at or prior to the Closing. IX. OTHER AGREEMENTS. 9.1 
EXPENSES. Each party hereto shall bear its expenses separately incurred in 
connection with this Agreement and with the performance of its obligations 
hereunder. 9.2 CONFIDENTIALITY. The parties hereto shall not make any 
public announcements concerning this transaction other than in accordance 
with mutual agreement reached prior to any such announcement(s) and other 
than as may be required by applicable law or judicial process. If for any 
reason the transactions contemplated hereby are not consummated, then Buyer 
shall return any information received by Buyer from Seller or AWS, and 
Buyer shall cause all confidential information obtained by Buyer concerning 
AWS and its business to be treated as such. 9.3 BROKERS' FEES. No party to 
this Agreement has employed the services of a broker and each agrees to 
indemnify the other against all claims of any third parties for fees and 
commissions of any brokers claiming a fee or commission related to the 
transactions contemplated hereby. 9.4 ACCESS TO INFORMATION POST-CLOSING; 
COOPERATION. (a) Following the Closing, Buyer and AWS shall afford to 
Seller and its authorized accountants, counsel, and other designated 
representatives reasonable access (and including using reasonable efforts 
to give access to persons or firms possessing information) and duplicating 
rights during normal business hours to allow records, books, contracts, 
instruments, computer data and other data and information (collectively, 
"Information") within the possession or control of Buyer or AWS insofar as 
such access is reasonably required by Seller. Information may be requested 
under this Section 9.4(a) for, without limitation, audit, accounting, 
claims, litigation and tax purposes, as well as for purposes of fulfilling 
disclosure and reporting obligations and performing this Agreement and the 
transactions contemplated hereby. No files, books or records of AWS 
existing at the Closing Date shall be destroyed by Buyer or AWS after 
Closing but prior to the expiration of any period during which such files, 
books or records are required to be maintained and preserved by applicable 
law without giving the Seller at least 30 days' 8 prior written notice, 
during which time Seller shall have the right to examine and to remove any 
such files, books and records prior to their destruction. (b) Following the 
Closing, Seller shall afford to AWS and its authorized accountants, counsel 
and other designated representatives reasonable access (including using 
reasonable efforts to give access to persons or firms possessing 
information) duplicating rights during normal business hours to Information 
within Seller's possession or control relating to the business of AWS. 
Information may be requested under this Section 9.4(b) for, without 
limitation, audit, accounting, claims, litigation and tax purposes as well 
as for purposes of fulfilling disclosure and reporting obligations and for 
performing this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. No 
files, books or records of AWS existing at the Closing Date shall be 
destroyed by Seller after Closing but prior to the expiration of any period 
during which such files, books or records are required to be maintained and 
preserved by applicable law without giving the Buyer at least 30 days prior 
written notice, during which time Buyer shall have the right to examine and 
to remove any such files, books and records prior to their destruction. (c) 
At all times following the Closing, Seller, Buyer and AWS shall use 
reasonable efforts to make available to the other party on written request, 
the current and former officers, directors, employees and agents of Seller 
or AWS for any of the purposes set forth in Section 9.4(a) or (b) above or 
as witnesses to the extent that such persons may reasonably be required in 
connection with any legal, administrative or other proceedings in which 
Seller or AWS may from time to be involved. (d) The party to whom any 
Information or witnesses are provided under this Section 9.4 shall 
reimburse the provider thereof for all out-of-pocket expenses actually and 
reasonably incurred in providing such Information or witnesses. (e) Seller, 
Buyer, AWS and their respective employees and agents shall each hold in 
strict confidence all Information concerning the other party in their 
possession or furnished by the other or the other's representative pursuant 
to this Agreement with the same degree of care as such party utilizes as to 
such party's own confidential information (except to the extent that such 
Information is (i) in the public domain through no fault of such party or 
(ii) later lawfully acquired from any other source by such party), and each 
party shall not release or disclose such Information to any other person, 
except such party's auditors, attorneys, financial advisors, bankers, other 
consultants and advisors or persons with whom such party has a valid 
obligation to disclose such Information, unless compelled to disclose such 
Information by judicial or administrative process or, as advised by its 
counsel, by other requirements of law. 9 (f) Seller, Buyer and AWS shall 
each use their best efforts to forward promptly to the other party all 
notices, claims, correspondence and other materials which are received and 
determined to pertain to the other party. 9.5 GUARANTEES, SURETY BONDS AND 
LETTER OF CREDIT OBLIGATIONS. In the event that Seller is obligated for any 
debts, obligations or liabilities of AWS by virtue of any outstanding 
guarantee, performance or surety bond or letter of credit provided or 
arranged by Seller on or prior to the Closing Date, Buyer and AWS shall use 
best efforts to cause to be issued replacements of such bonds, letters of 
credit and guarantees and to obtain any amendments, novations, releases and 
approvals necessary to release and discharge fully Seller from any 
liability thereunder following the Closing. Buyer and AWS, jointly and 
severally, shall be responsible for, and shall indemnify, hold harmless and 
defend Seller from and against, any costs or losses incurred by Seller 
arising from such bonds, letters of credits and guarantees and any 
liabilities arising therefrom and shall reimburse Seller for any payments 
that Seller may be required to pay pursuant to enforcement of its 
obligations relating to such bonds, letters of credit and guarantees. 9.6 
FILINGS AND CONSENTS. Buyer, at its risk, shall determine what, if any, 
filings and consents must be made and/or obtained prior to Closing to 
consummate the purchase and sale of the Shares. Buyer shall indemnify the 
Seller Indemnified Parties (as defined in Section 11.1 below) against any 
Losses (as defined in Section 11.1 below) incurred by any Seller 
Indemnified Parties by virtue of the failure to make and/or obtain any such 
filings or consents. Recognizing that the failure to make and/or obtain any 
filings or consents may cause Seller to incur Losses or otherwise adversely 
affect Seller, Buyer and AWS confirm that the provisions of this Section 
9.6 will not limit Seller's right to treat such failure as the failure of a 
condition precedent to Seller's obligation to close pursuant to Article VII 
above. 9.7 INSURANCE. Buyer acknowledges that on the Closing Date, 
effective as of the Closing, all insurance coverage and bonds provided by 
Seller for AWS, and all certificates of insurance evidencing that AWS 
maintains any required insurance by virtue of insurance provided by Seller, 
will terminate with respect to any insured damages resulting from matters 
occurring subsequent to Closing. 9.8 AGREEMENTS REGARDING TAXES. (a) TAX 
SHARING AGREEMENTS. Any tax sharing agreement between Seller and AWS is 
terminated as of the Closing Date and will have no further effect for any 
taxable year (whether the current year, a future year, or a past year). 10 
(b) RETURNS FOR PERIODS THROUGH THE CLOSING DATE. Seller will include the 
income and loss of AWS (including any deferred income triggered into income 
by Reg. ss.1.1502-13 and any excess loss accounts taken into income under 
Reg. ss.1.1502-19) on Seller's consolidated federal income tax returns for 
all periods through the Closing Date and pay any federal income taxes 
attributable to such income. Seller and AWS agree to allocate income, gain, 
loss, deductions and credits between the period up to Closing (the 
"Pre-Closing Period") and the period after Closing (the "Post-Closing 
Period") based on a closing of the books of AWS and both Seller and AWS 
agree not to make an election under Reg. ss.1.1502-76(b)(2)(ii) to ratably 
allocate the year's items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit. 
Seller, AWS and Buyer agree to report all transactions not in the ordinary 
course of business occurring on the Closing Date after Buyer's purchase of 
the Shares on AWS's tax returns to the extent permitted by Reg. 
ss.1.1502-76(b)(1)(ii)(B). Buyer agrees to indemnify Seller for any 
additional tax owed by Seller (including tax owned by Seller due to this 
indemnification payment) resulting from any transaction engaged in by AWS 
during the Pre-Closing Period or on the Closing Date after Buyer's purchase 
of the Shares. AWS will furnish tax information to Seller for inclusion in 
Seller's consolidated federal income tax return for the period which 
includes the Closing Date in accordance with AWS's past custom and 
practice. (c) AUDITS. Seller will allow AWS and its counsel to participate 
at AWS's expense in any audits of Seller's consolidated federal income tax 
returns to the extent that such audit raises issues that relate to and 
increase the tax liability of AWS. Seller shall have the absolute right, in 
its sole discretion, to engage professionals and direct the representation 
of Seller in connection with any such audit and the resolution thereof, 
without receiving the consent of Buyer or AWS or any other party acting on 
behalf of Buyer or AWS, provided that Seller will not settle any such audit 
in a manner which would materially adversely affect AWS after the Closing 
Date unless such settlement would be reasonable in the case of a person 
that owned AWS both before and after the Closing Date. In the event that 
after Closing any tax authority informs the Buyer or AWS of any notice of 
proposed audit, claim, assessment, or other dispute concerning an amount of 
taxes which pertain to the Seller, or to AWS during the period prior to 
Closing, Buyer or AWS must promptly notify the Seller of the same within 15 
calendar days of the date of the notice from the tax authority. In the 
event Buyer or AWS does not notify the Seller within such 15 day period, 
Buyer and AWS, jointly and severally, will indemnify the Seller for any 
incremental interest, penalty or other assessments resulting from the delay 
in giving notice. To the extent of any conflict or inconsistency, the 
provisions of this Section 9.8 shall control over the provisions of Section 
11.2 below. (d) COOPERATION ON TAX MATTERS. Buyer, Seller and AWS shall 
cooperate fully, as and to the extent reasonably requested by the other 
party, in connection with the filing of tax 11 returns pursuant to this 
Section and any audit, litigation or other proceeding with respect to 
taxes. Such cooperation shall include the retention and (upon the other 
party's request) the provision of records and information which are 
reasonably relevant to any such audit, litigation or other proceeding and 
making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide 
additional information and explanation of any material provided hereunder. 
AWS shall (i) retain all books and records with respect to tax matters 
pertinent to AWS relating to any taxable period beginning before the 
Closing Date until the expiration of the statute of limitations (and, to 
the extent notified by Seller, any extensions thereof) of the respective 
taxable periods, and to abide by all record retention agreements entered 
into with any taxing authority, and (ii) give Seller reasonable written 
notice prior to transferring, destroying or discarding any such books and 
records and, if the Seller so requests, Buyer agrees to cause AWS to allow 
Seller to take possession of such books and records. 9.9 ERISA. Effective 
as of the Closing Date, AWS shall terminate its participation in, and 
withdraw from, all employee benefit plans sponsored by Seller, and Seller 
and Buyer shall cooperate fully in such termination and withdrawal. Without 
limitation, AWS shall be solely responsible for (i) all liabilities under 
those employee benefit plans notwithstanding any status as an employee 
benefit plan sponsored by Seller, and (ii) all liabilities for the payment 
of vacation pay, severance benefits, and similar obligations, including, 
without limitation, amounts which are accrued but unpaid as of the Closing 
Date with respect thereto. Buyer and AWS acknowledge that AWS is solely 
responsible for providing continuation health coverage, as required under 
the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended ("COBRA"), 
to each person, if any, participating in an employee benefit plan subject 
to COBRA with respect to such employee benefit plan as of the Closing Date, 
including, without limitation, any person whose employment with AWS is 
terminated after the Closing Date. X. TERMINATION. This Agreement may be 
terminated at, or at any time prior to, the Closing by mutual written 
consent of Seller, Buyer and the Company. If this Agreement is terminated 
as provided herein, it shall become wholly void and of no further force and 
effect and there shall be no further liability or obligation on the part of 
any party except to pay such expenses as are required of such party. XI. 
INDEMNIFICATION. 11.1 INDEMNIFICATION BY BUYER. Buyer covenants and agrees 
to indemnify, defend, protect and hold harmless Seller, and its officers, 
directors, employees, stockholders, agents, representatives and affiliates 
(collectively, together with Seller, the "Seller 12 Indemnified Parties") 
at all times from and after the date of this Agreement from and against all 
losses, liabilities, damages, claims, actions, suits, proceedings, demands, 
assessments, adjustments, costs and expenses (including specifically, but 
without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses of 
investigation), whether or not involving a third party claim and regardless 
of any negligence of any Seller Indemnified Party (collectively, "Losses"), 
incurred by any Seller Indemnified Party as a result of or arising from (i) 
any breach of the representations and warranties of Buyer set forth herein 
or in certificates delivered in connection herewith, (ii) any breach or 
non-fulfillment of any covenant or agreement (including any other agreement 
of Buyer to indemnify Seller set forth in this Agreement) on the part of 
Buyer under this Agreement, (iii) any debt, liability or obligation of AWS, 
(iv) the conduct and operations of the business of AWS whether before or 
after Closing, (v) claims asserted against AWS whether before or after 
Closing, or (vi) any federal or state income tax payable by Seller and 
attributable to the transaction contemplated by this Agreement. 11.2 THIRD 
PARTY CLAIMS. (a) DEFENSE. If any claim or liability (a "Third-Party 
Claim") should be asserted against any of the Seller Indemnified Parties 
(the "Indemnitee") by a third party after the Closing for which Buyer has 
an indemnification obligation under the terms of Section 11.1, then the 
Indemnitee shall notify Buyer and AWS (the "Indemnitor") within 20 days 
after the Third-Party Claim is asserted by a third party (said notification 
being referred to as a "Claim Notice") and give the Indemnitor a reasonable 
opportunity to take part in any examination of the books and records of the 
Indemnitee relating to such Third-Party Claim and to assume the defense of 
such Third-Party Claim and in connection therewith and to conduct any 
proceedings or negotiations relating thereto and necessary or appropriate 
to defend the Indemnitee and/or settle the Claim. The expenses (including 
reasonable attorneys' fees) of all negotiations, proceedings, contests, 
lawsuits or settlements with respect to any Third-Party Claim shall be 
borne by the Indemnitor. If the Indemnitor agrees to assume the defense of 
any Third-Party Claim in writing within 20 days after the Claim Notice of 
such Third-Party Claim has been delivered, through counsel reasonably 
satisfactory to Indemnitee, then the Indemnitor shall be entitled to 
control the conduct of such defense, and any decision to settle such 
Third-Party Claim, and shall be responsible for any expenses of the 
Indemnitee in connection with the defense of such Third-Party Claim so long 
as the Indemnitor continues such defense until the final resolution of such 
Third-Party Claim. The Indemnitor shall be responsible for paying all 
settlements made or judgments entered with respect to any Third-Party Claim 
the defense of which has been assumed by the Indemnitor. Except as provided 
on subsection (b) below, both the Indemnitor and the Indemnitee must 
approve any settlement of a Third Party Claim. A failure by the Indemnitee 
to timely give the Claim 13 Notice shall not excuse Indemnitor from any 
indemnification liability except only to the extent that the Indemnitor is 
materially and adversely prejudiced by such failure. (b) FAILURE TO DEFEND. 
If the Indemnitor shall not agree to assume the defense of any Third-Party 
Claim in writing within 20 days after the Claim Notice of such Third-Party 
Claim has been delivered, or shall fail to continue such defense until the 
final resolution of such Third-Party Claim, then the Indemnitee may defend 
against such Third-Party Claim in such manner as it may deem appropriate 
and the Indemnitee may settle such Third-Party Claim on such terms as it 
may deem appropriate. The Indemnitor shall promptly reimburse the 
Indemnitee for the amount of all settlement payments and expenses, legal 
and otherwise, incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with the defense or 
settlement of such Third-Party Claim. If no settlement of such Third-Party 
Claim is made, then the Indemnitor shall satisfy any judgment rendered with 
respect to such Third-Party Claim before the Indemnitee is required to do 
so, and pay all expenses, legal or otherwise, incurred by the Indemnitee in 
the defense against such Third-Party Claim. 11.3 NON-THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS. 
Upon discovery of any claim for which Buyer has an indemnification 
obligation under the terms of Section 11.3 which does not involve a claim 
by a third party against the Indemnitee, the Indemnitee shall give prompt 
notice to Buyer of such claim and, in any case, shall give Buyer such 
notice within 30 days of such discovery. A failure by Indemnitee to timely 
give the foregoing notice to Buyer shall not excuse Buyer from any 
indemnification liability except to the extent that Buyer is materially and 
adversely prejudiced by such failure. 11.4 SURVIVAL. Except as otherwise 
provided in this Section 11.4, all representations and warranties made by 
Buyer, AWS and Seller in connection with this Agreement shall survive the 
Closing. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the 
liability of all Indemnitors under this Article XI shall terminate on the 
third (3rd) anniversary of the Closing Date, except with respect to (a) 
liability for any item as to which, prior to the third (3rd) anniversary of 
the Closing Date, any Indemnitee shall have asserted a Claim in writing, 
which Claim shall identify its basis with reasonable specificity, in which 
case the liability for such Claim shall continue until it shall have been 
finally settled, decided or adjudicated, (b) liability of any party for 
Losses for which such party has an indemnification obligation, incurred as 
a result of such party's breach of any covenant or agreement to be 
performed by such party after the Closing, (c) liability of Buyer for 
Losses incurred by a Seller Indemnified Party due to breaches of their 
representations and warranties in Article III of this Agreement, and (d) 
liability of Buyer for Losses arising out of Third-Party Claims for which 
Buyer has an indemnification obligation, which liability shall survive 
until the statute of limitation applicable to any third party's right to 
assert a Third-Party Claim bars assertion of such claim. 14 XII. 
MISCELLANEOUS. 12.1 NOTICES. All notices and communications required or 
permitted hereunder shall be in writing and deemed given when received by 
means of the United States mail, addressed to the party to be notified, 
postage prepaid and registered or certified with return receipt requested, 
or personal delivery, or overnight courier, as follows: (a) If to Seller or 
the Company after the Closing, addressed to: RedRoller Holdings. Inc. 
Soundview Plaza 1266 East Main Street, 2nd Floor Stamford, CT 06902-0233 
Attn: Mr. Bill Van Wyck, Chief Executive Officer With a copy to (which 
shall not constitute notice hereunder): DLA Piper US LLP 33 Arch Street, 
26th Floor Boston, MA 02110-1447 Attn: Scott R. Bleier, Esq. (b) If to 
Buyer or AWS, addressed to: Aslahan Web Services, Inc. Suite 123 - 2498 
West 41st Avenue Vancouver, British Columbia, V6M 2A7 Canada Attn: Tina 
Sangha, Chief Executive Officer With a copy to (which shall not constitute 
notice hereunder): or to such other address as any party hereto shall 
specify pursuant to this Section 12.1 from time to time. 12.2 EXERCISE OF 
RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. Except as otherwise provided herein, no delay of or 
omission in the exercise of any right, power or remedy accruing to any 
party as a result of any breach or default by any other party under this 
Agreement shall impair any such right, power or remedy, nor shall it be 
construed as a waiver of or acquiescence 15 in any such breach or default, 
or of any similar breach or default occurring later; nor shall any waiver 
of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or 
default occurring before or after that waiver. 12.3 TIME. Time is of the 
essence with respect to this Agreement. 12.4 REFORMATION AND SEVERABILITY. 
In case any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable, it shall, to the extent possible, be modified in such manner 
as to be valid, legal and enforceable but so as to most nearly retain the 
intent of the parties, and if such modification is not possible, such 
provision shall be severed from this Agreement, and in either case the 
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this 
Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 12.5 
FURTHER ACTS. Seller, Buyer and AWS shall execute any and all documents and 
perform such other acts which may be reasonably necessary to effectuate the 
purposes of this Agreement. 12.6 ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENTS. This 
Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties relating to the 
subject matter contained herein. This Agreement cannot be amended or 
changed except through a written instrument signed by all of the parties 
hereto, including the Company. No provisions of this Agreement or any 
rights hereunder may be waived by any party without the prior written 
consent of the Company. 12.7 ASSIGNMENT. No party may assign his or its 
rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, without the prior 
written consent of the other parties. 12.8 GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement 
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State 
of New York, without giving effect to principles of conflicts or choice of 
laws thereof. 12.9 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in one or 
more counterparts, with the same effect as if all parties had signed the 
same document. Each such counterpart shall be an original, but all such 
counterparts taken together shall constitute a single agreement. In the 
event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, such 
signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party 
executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) the same with the 
same force and effect as if such facsimile signature page was an original 
thereof. 16 12.10 SECTION HEADINGS AND GENDER. The Section headings used 
herein are inserted for reference purposes only and shall not in any way 
affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. All personal 
pronouns used in this Agreement shall include the other genders, whether 
used in the masculine, feminine or neuter, and the singular shall include 
the plural, and VICE VERSA, whenever and as often as may be appropriate. 
12.11 SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE; REMEDIES. Each of Seller, Buyer and AWS 
acknowledges and agrees that the Company would be damaged irreparably if 
any provision of this Agreement is not performed in accordance with its 
specific terms or is otherwise breached. Accordingly, each of Seller, Buyer 
and AWS agrees that the Company will be entitled to seek an injunction or 
injunctions to prevent breaches of the provisions of this Agreement and to 
enforce specifically this Agreement and its terms and provisions in any 
action instituted in any court of the United States or any state thereof 
having jurisdiction over the parties and the matter, subject to Section 
12.8, in addition to any other remedy to which they may be entitled, at law 
or in equity. Except as expressly provided herein, the rights, obligations 
and remedies created by this Agreement are cumulative and in addition to 
any other rights, obligations or remedies otherwise available at law or in 
equity, and nothing herein will be considered an election of remedies. 
12.12 SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; PROCESS AGENT; NO JURY TRIAL. (a) Each 
party to the Agreement hereby submits to the jurisdiction of any state or 
federal court sitting in the State of New York, in any action arising out 
of or relating to this Agreement and agrees that all claims in respect of 
the action may be heard and determined in any such court. Each party to the 
Agreement also agrees not to bring any action arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement in any other court. Each party to the Agreement agrees that 
a final judgment in any action so brought will be conclusive and may be 
enforced by action on the judgment or in any other manner provided at law 
or in equity. Each party to the Agreement waives any defense of 
inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any action so brought and waives 
any bond, surety, or other security that might be required of any other 
Party with respect thereto. (b) EACH PARTY TO THE AGREEMENT HEREBY AGREES 
TO WAIVE HIS OR HER RIGHTS TO JURY TRIAL OF ANY DISPUTE BASED UPON OR 
ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE 
SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DEALINGS AMONG THEM RELATING TO THE 
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. The scope of this waiver is intended to 
be all encompassing of any and all actions that may be filed in 17 any 
court and that relate to the subject matter of the transactions, including, 
contract claims, tort claims, breach of duty claims, and all other common 
law and statutory claims. Each party to the Agreement hereby acknowledges 
that this waiver is a material inducement to enter into a business 
relationship and that they will continue to rely on the waiver in their 
related future dealings. Each party to the Agreement further represents and 
warrants that it has reviewed this waiver with its legal counsel, and that 
each knowingly and voluntarily waives its jury trial rights following 
consultation with legal counsel. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY 
HEREIN, THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED 
ORALLY OR IN WRITING, AND THE WAIVER WILL APPLY TO ANY AMENDMENTS, 
RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT OR TO ANY OTHER 
DOCUMENTS OR AGREEMENTS RELATING HERETO. In the event of commencement of 
any action, this Agreement may be filed as a written consent to trial by a 
court. 12.13 CONSTRUCTION. The parties hereto have participated jointly in 
the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. If an ambiguity or question 
of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement will be construed as if 
drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof 
will arise favoring or disfavoring any party because of the authorship of 
any provision of this Agreement. Any reference to any federal, state, 
local, or foreign law will be deemed also to refer to law as amended and 
all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the context 
requires otherwise. The words "include," "includes," and "including" will 
be deemed to be followed by "without limitation." The words "this 
Agreement," "herein," "hereof," "hereby," "hereunder," and words of similar 
import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular 
subdivision unless expressly so limited. The parties hereto intend that 
each representation, warranty, and covenant contained herein will have 
independent significance. If any party hereto has breached any 
representation, warranty, or covenant contained herein in any respect, the 
fact that there exists another representation, warranty or covenant 
relating to the same subject matter (regardless of the relative levels of 
specificity) which that party has not breached will not detract from or 
mitigate the fact that such party is in breach of the first representation, 
warranty, or covenant. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS THIS PAGE.] 18 IN WITNESS 
WHEREOF, the parties hereto have hereunto set their hands as of the day and 
year first above written. SELLER: REDROLLER HOLDINGS, INC. (formerly known 
as Aslahan Enterprises Ltd.) By:_________________________ Name: Title: 
COMPANY: REDROLLER, INC. By:_________________________ Name: Title: ASLAHAN 
WEB SERVICES: By:_________________________ Name: Title: BUYER: 
____________________________ Tina Sangha 19