 EX-10.2 10 v092656_ex10-2.htm
Exhibit 10(2) 2007 Stock Compensation and Incentive Plan
 
2007 Stock Compensation and Incentive Plan

1. 	
Purpose of Plan

1.1    This 2007 Stock Compensation and Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) of 
Attitude Drinks Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, (the “Company”) for 
employees, directors and other persons associated with the Company, is 
intended to advance the best interests of the Company by providing those 
persons who have a substantial responsibility for its management and growth 
with additional incentive and by increasing their proprietary interest in 
the success of the Company, thereby encouraging them to maintain their 
relationships with the Company. Further, the availability and offering of 
stock options and common stock under the Plan supports and increases the 
Company's ability to attract and retain individuals of exceptional talent 
upon whom, in large measure, the sustained progress, growth and 
profitability of the Company depends.

2. 	
Definitions

2.1    For Plan purposes, except where the context might clearly indicate 
otherwise, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:

“Board” shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

“Committee” shall mean the Compensation Committee, or such other committee 
appointed by the Board, which shall be designated by the Board to 
administer the Plan, or the Board if no committees have been established. 
The Committee shall be composed of three or more persons as from time to 
time are appointed to serve by the Board. Each member of the Committee, 
while serving as such, shall be a disinterested person with the meaning of 
Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

“Common Shares” shall mean the Company's Common Shares, $.001 par value per 
share, or, in the event that the outstanding Common Shares are hereafter 
changed into or exchanged for different shares of securities of the 
Company, such other shares or securities.

“Company” shall mean Attitude Drinks Incorporated, a Delaware corporation, 
and any parent or subsidiary corporation of the Company as such terms are 
defined in Sections 425(e) and 425(f), respectively, of the Code.

“Fair Market Value” shall mean, with respect to the date a given stock 
option is granted or exercised, the average of the highest and lowest 
reported sales prices of the Common Shares, as reported by such responsible 
reporting service as the Committee may select, or if there were not 
transactions in the Common Shares on such day, then the last preceding day 
on which transactions took place. The above withstanding, the Committee may 
determine the Fair Market Value in such other manner as it may deem more 
equitable for Plan purposes or as is required by applicable laws or 
regulations.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Optionee” shall mean an employee of the company who has been granted one 
or more Stock Options under the Plan.

“Common Stock” shall mean shares of common stock which are issued by the 
Company pursuant to Section 5, below.

“Common Stockholder” means the employee of, consultant to, or director of 
the Company or other person to whom shares of Common Stock are issued 
pursuant to this Plan.

“Common Stock Agreement” means an agreement executed by a Common 
Stockholder and the Company as contemplated by Section 5, below, which 
imposes on the shares of Common Stock held by the Common Stockholder such 
restrictions as the Board or Committee deem appropriate.

“Stock Option” or “Non-Qualified Stock Option” or “NQSO” shall mean a stock 
option granted pursuant to the terms of the Plan.

“Stock Option Agreement” shall mean the agreement between the Company and 
the Optionee under which the Optionee may purchase Common Shares hereunder.

3. 	
Administration of the Plan

3.1    The Committee or the Board shall administer the Plan and 
accordingly, it shall have full power to grant Stock Options and Common 
Stock, construe and interpret the Plan, establish rules and regulations and 
perform all other acts, including the delegation of administrative 
responsibilities, it believes reasonable and proper.

3.2    The determination of those eligible to receive Stock Options and 
Common Stock, and the amount, type and timing of each grant and the terms 
and conditions of the respective stock option agreements and Common stock 
agreements shall rest in the sole discretion of the Committee, subject to 
the provisions of the Plan.

3.3    The Committee may cancel any Stock Options awarded under the Plan if 
an Optionee conducts himself in a manner which the Committee determines to 
be inimical to the best interest of the Company, as set forth more fully in 
paragraph 8 of Article 11 of the Plan.

3.4    The Board, or the Committee, may correct any defect, supply any 
omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan, or in any granted 
Stock Option, in the manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary to 
carry it into effect.

3.5    Any decision made, or action taken, by the Committee or the Board 
arising out of or in connection with the interpretation and administration 
of the Plan shall be final and conclusive.

 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

3.6    Meetings of the Committee shall be held at such times and places as 
shall be determined by the Committee. A majority of the members of the 
Committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and 
the vote of a majority of those members present at any meeting shall decide 
any question brought before that meeting. In addition, the Committee may 
take any action otherwise proper under the Plan by the affirmative vote, 
taken without a meeting, of a majority of its members.

3.7    No member of the Committee shall be liable for any act or omission 
of any other member of the Committee or for any act or omission on his own 
part, including, but not limited to, the exercise of any power or 
discretion given to him under the Plan, except those resulting from his own 
gross negligence or willful misconduct.

3.8    The Company, through its management, shall supply full and timely 
information to the Committee on all matters relating to the eligibility of 
Optionees, their duties and performance, and current information on any 
Optionee's death, retirement, disability or other termination of 
association with the Company, and such other pertinent information as the 
Committee may require. The Company shall furnish the Committee with such 
clerical and other assistance as is necessary in the performance of its 
duties hereunder.

4. 	
Shares Subject to the Plan

4.1    The total number of shares of the Company available for grants of 
Stock Options and Common Stock under the Plan shall be 1,000,000 Common 
Shares, subject to adjustment in accordance with Article 7 of the Plan, 
which shares may be either authorized but unissued or reacquired Common 
Shares of the Company.

4.2    If a Stock Option or portion thereof shall expire or terminate for 
any reason without having been exercised in full, the unpurchased shares 
covered by such NQSO shall be available for future grants of Stock Options.

5. 	
Award Of Common Stock

5.1    The Board or Committee from time to time, in its absolute 
discretion, may (a) award Common Stock to employees of, consultants to, and 
directors of the Company, and such other persons as the Board or Committee 
may select, and (b) permit Holders of Options to exercise such Options 
prior to full vesting therein and hold the Common Shares issued upon 
exercise of the Option as Common Stock. In either such event, the owner of 
such Common Stock shall hold such stock subject to such vesting schedule as 
the Board or Committee may impose or such vesting schedule to which the 
Option was subject, as determined in the discretion of the Board or 
Committee.

5.2    Common Stock shall be issued only pursuant to a Common Stock 
Agreement, which shall be executed by the Common Stockholder and the 
Company and which shall contain such terms and conditions as the Board or 
Committee shall determine consistent with this Plan, including such 
restrictions on transfer as are imposed by the Common Stock Agreement.
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.3    Upon delivery of the shares of Common Stock to the Common 
Stockholder, below, the Common Stockholder shall have, unless otherwise 
provided by the Board or Committee, all the rights of a stockholder with 
respect to said shares, subject to the restrictions in the Common Stock 
Agreement, including the right to receive all dividends and other 
distributions paid or made with respect to the Common Stock.

5.4.    Notwithstanding anything in this Plan or any Common Stock Agreement 
to the contrary, no Common Stockholders may sell or otherwise transfer, 
whether or not for value, any of the Common Stock prior to the date on 
which the Common Stockholder is vested therein.

5.5    All shares of Common Stock issued under this Plan (including any 
shares of Common Stock and other securities issued with respect to the 
shares of Common Stock as a result of stock dividends, stock splits or 
similar changes in the capital structure of the Company) shall be subject 
to such restrictions as the Board or Committee shall provide, which 
restrictions may include, without limitation, restrictions concerning 
voting rights, transferability of the Common Stock and restrictions based 
on duration of employment with the Company, Company performance and 
individual performance; provided that the Board or Committee may, on such 
terms and conditions as it may determine to be appropriate, remove any or 
all of such restrictions. Common Stock may not be sold or encumbered until 
all applicable restrictions have terminated or expire. The restrictions, if 
any, imposed by the Board or Committee or the Board under this Section 5 
need not be identical for all Common Stock and the imposition of any 
restrictions with respect to any Common Stock shall not require the 
imposition of the same or any other restrictions with respect to any other 
Common Stock.

5.6    Each Common Stock Agreement shall provide that the Company shall 
have the right to repurchase from the Common Stockholder the unvested 
Common Stock upon a termination of employment, termination of directorship 
or termination of a consultancy arrangement, as applicable, at a cash price 
per share equal to the purchase price paid by the Common Stockholder for 
such Common Stock.

5.7    In the discretion of the Board or Committee, the Common Stock 
Agreement may provide that the Company shall have the a right of first 
refusal with respect to the Common Stock and a right to repurchase the 
vested Common Stock upon a termination of the Common Stockholder's 
employment with the Company, the termination of the Common Stockholder's 
consulting arrangement with the Company, the termination of the Common 
Stockholder's service on the Company's Board, or such other events as the 
Board or Committee may deem appropriate.

5.8    The Board or Committee shall cause a legend or legends to be placed 
on certificates representing shares of Common Stock that are subject to 
restrictions under Common Stock Agreements, which legend or legends shall 
make appropriate reference to the applicable restrictions.
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
6. 	
Stock Option Terms and Conditions

6.1    Consistent with the Plan's purpose, Stock Options may be granted to 
non-employee directors of the Company or other persons who are performing 
or who have been engaged to perform services of special importance to the 
management, operation or development of the Company.

6.2    All Stock Options granted under the Plan shall be evidenced by 
agreements which shall be subject to applicable provisions of the Plan, and 
such other provisions as the Committee may adopt, including the provisions 
set forth in paragraphs 2 through 11 of this Section 6.

6.3    All Stock Options granted hereunder must be granted within ten years 
from the earlier of the date of this Plan is adopted or approved by the 
Company's shareholders.

6.4    No Stock Option granted to any employee or 10% Shareholder shall be 
exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date such NQSO is 
granted. The Committee, in its discretion, may provide that an Option shall 
be exercisable during such ten year period or during any lesser period of 
time.

The Committee may establish installment exercise terms for a Stock Option 
such that the NQSO becomes fully exercisable in a series of cumulating 
portions. If an Optionee shall not, in any given installment period, 
purchase all the Common Shares which such Optionee is entitled to purchase 
within such installment period, such Optionee's right to purchase any 
Common Shares not purchased in such installment period shall continue until 
the expiration or sooner termination of such NQSO. The Committee may also 
accelerate the exercise of any NQSO. However, no NQSO, or any portion 
thereof, may be exercisable until thirty (30) days following date of grant 
(“30-Day Holding Period.”).

6.5    A Stock Option, or portion thereof, shall be exercised by delivery 
of (i) a written notice of exercise of the Company specifying the number of 
common shares to be purchased, and (ii) payment of the full price of such 
Common Shares, as fully set forth in paragraph 6 of this Section 6.

No NQSO or installment thereof shall be exercisable except with respect to 
whole shares, and fractional share interests shall be disregarded. Not less 
than 100 Common Shares may be purchased at one time unless the number 
purchased is the total number at the time available for purchase under the 
NQSO. Until the Common Shares represented by an exercised NQSO are issued 
to an Optionee, he shall have none of the rights of a shareholder.

6.6    The exercise price of a Stock Option, or portion thereof, may be 
paid:

A.    In United States dollars, in cash or by cashier's check, certified 
check, bank draft or money order, payable to the order of the Company in an 
amount equal to the option price; or

B.    At the discretion of the Committee, through the delivery of fully 
paid and nonassessable Common Shares, with an aggregate Fair Market Value 
on the date the NQSO is exercised equal to the option price, provided such 
tendered Shares have been owned by the Optionee for at least one year prior 
to such exercise; or

C.    By a combination of both A and B above.
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
The Committee shall determine acceptable methods for tendering Common 
Shares as payment upon exercise of a Stock Option and may impose such 
limitations and prohibitions on the use of Common Shares to exercise an 
NQSO as it deems appropriate.

6.7    With the Optionee's consent, the Committee may cancel any Stock 
Option issued under this Plan and issue a new NQSO to such Optionee.

6.8    Except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, no right or 
interest in any Stock Option granted under the Plan shall be assignable or 
transferable, and no right or interest of any Optionee shall be liable for, 
or subject to, any lien, obligation or liability of the Optionee. Stock 
Options shall be exercisable during the Optionee's lifetime only by the 
Optionee or the duly appointed legal representative of an incompetent 
Optionee.

6.9    If the Optionee shall die while associated with the Company or 
within three months after termination of such association, the personal 
representative or administrator of the Optionee's estate or the person(s) 
to whom an NQSO granted hereunder shall have been validly transferred by 
such personal representative or administrator pursuant to the Optionee's 
will or the laws of descent and distribution, shall have the right to 
exercise the NQSO for one year after the date of the Optionee's death, to 
the extent (i) such NQSO was exercisable on the date of such termination of 
employment by death, and (ii) such NQSO was not exercised, and (iii) the 
exercise period may not be extended beyond the expiration of the term of 
the Option.

No transfer of a Stock Option by the will of an Optionee or by the laws of 
descent and distribution shall be effective to bind the Company unless the 
Company shall have been furnished with written notice thereof and an 
authenticated copy of the will and/or such other evidence as the Committee 
may deem necessary to establish the validity of the transfer and the 
acceptance by the transferee or transferee of the terms and conditions by 
such Stock Option.

In the event of death following termination of the Optionee's association 
with the Company while any portion of an NQSO remains exercisable, the 
Committee, in its discretion, may provide for an extension of the exercise 
period of up to one year after the Optionee's death but not beyond the 
expiration of the term of the Stock Option.

6.10    Any Optionee who disposes of Common Shares acquired on the exercise 
of a NQSO by sale or exchange either (i) within two years after the date of 
the grant of the NQSO under which the stock was acquired, or (ii) within 
one year after the acquisition of such Shares, shall notify the Company of 
such disposition and of the amount realized upon such disposition. The 
transfer of Common Shares may also be Common by applicable provisions of 
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
7. 	
Adjustments or Changes in Capitalization

7.1    In the event that the outstanding Common Shares of the Company are 
hereafter changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind of 
shares or other securities of the Company by reason of merger, 
consolidation, other reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, 
combination of shares, stock split-up or stock dividend:

A.    Prompt, proportionate, equitable, lawful and adequate adjustment 
shall be made of the aggregate number and kind of shares subject to Stock 
Options which may be granted under the Plan, such that the Optionee shall 
have the right to purchase such Common Shares as may be issued in exchange 
for the Common Shares purchasable on exercise of the NQSO had such merger, 
consolidation, other reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, 
combination of shares, stock split-up or stock dividend not taken place;

B.    Rights under unexercised Stock Options or portions thereof granted 
prior to any such change, both as to the number or kind of shares and the 
exercise price per share, shall be adjusted appropriately, provided that 
such adjustments shall be made without change in the total exercise price 
applicable to the unexercised portion of such NQSO's but by an adjustment 
in the price for each share covered by such NQSO's; or

C.    Upon any dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any merger or 
combination in which the Company is not a surviving corporation, each 
outstanding Stock Option granted hereunder shall terminate, but the 
Optionee shall have the right, immediately prior to such dissolution, 
liquidation, merger or combination, to exercise his NQSO in whole or in 
part, to the extent that it shall not have been exercised, without regard 
to any installment exercise provisions in such NQSO.

7.2    The foregoing adjustments and the manner of application of the 
foregoing provisions shall be determined solely by the Committee, whose 
determination as to what adjustments shall be made and the extent thereof, 
shall be final, binding and conclusive. No fractional Shares shall be 
issued under the Plan on account of any such adjustments.

8.    Merger, Consolidation or Tender Offer

8.1    If the Company shall be a party to a binding agreement to any 
merger, consolidation or reorganization or sale of substantially all the 
assets of the Company, each outstanding Stock Option shall pertain and 
apply to the securities and/or property which a shareholder of the number 
of Common Shares of the Company subject to the NQSO would be entitled to 
receive pursuant to such merger, consolidation or reorganization or sale of 
assets.

8.2    In the event that:

A.    Any person other than the Company shall acquire more than 20% of the 
Common Shares of the Company through a tender offer, exchange offer or 
otherwise;
 
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
B.    A change in the “control” of the Company occurs, as such term is 
defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933;

C.    There shall be a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of 
the Company;

any then outstanding Stock Option held by an Optionee, who is deemed by the 
Committee to be a statutory officer (“Insider”) for purposes of Section 16 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 shall be entitled to receive, 
subject to any action by the Committee revoking such an entitlement as 
provided for below, in lieu of exercise of such Stock Option, to the extent 
that it is then exercisable, a cash payment in an amount equal to the 
difference between the aggregate exercise price of such NQSO, or portion 
thereof, and, (i) in the event of an offer or similar event, the final 
offer price per share paid for Common Shares, or such lower price as the 
Committee may determine to conform an option to preserve its Stock Option 
status, times the number of Common Shares covered by the NQSO or portion 
thereof, or (ii) in the case of an event covered by B or C above, the 
aggregate Fair Market Value of the Common Shares covered by the Stock 
Option, as determined by the Committee at such time.

8.3    Any payment which the Company is required to make pursuant to 
paragraph 8.2 of this Section 8 shall be made within 15 business days, 
following the event which results in the Optionee's right to such payment. 
In the event of a tender offer in which fewer than all the shares which are 
validly tendered in compliance with such offer are purchased or exchanged, 
then only that portion of the shares covered by an NQSO as results from 
multiplying such shares by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number 
of Common Shares acquired pursuant to the offer and the denominator of 
which is the number of Common Shares tendered in compliance with such offer 
shall be used to determine the payment thereupon. To the extent that all or 
any portion of a Stock Option shall be affected by this provision, all or 
such portion of the NQSO shall be terminated.

8.4    Notwithstanding paragraphs 8.1 and 8.3 of this Section 8, the 
Committee may, by unanimous vote and resolution, unilaterally revoke the 
benefits of the above provisions; provided, however, that such vote is 
taken no later than ten business days following public announcement of the 
intent of an offer or the change of control, whichever occurs earlier.

9. 	
Amendment and Termination of Plan

9.1    The Board may at any time, and from time to time, suspend or 
terminate the Plan in whole or in part or amend it from time to time in 
such respects as the Board may deem appropriate and in the best interest of 
the Company.

9.2    No amendment, suspension or termination of this Plan shall, without 
the Optionee's consent, alter or impair any of the rights or obligations 
under any Stock Option theretofore granted to him under the Plan.
 
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
9.3    The Board may amend the Plan, subject to the limitations cited 
above, in such manner as it deems necessary to permit the granting of Stock 
Options meeting the requirements of future amendments or issued 
regulations, if any, to the Code.

9.4    No NQSO may be granted during any suspension of the Plan or after 
termination of the Plan.

10. 	
Government and Other Regulations

10.1   The obligation of the Company to issue, transfer and deliver Common 
Shares for Stock Options exercised under the Plan shall be subject to all 
applicable laws, regulations, rules, orders and approval which shall then 
be in effect and required by the relevant stock exchanges on which the 
Common Shares are traded and by government entities as set forth below or 
as the Committee in its sole discretion shall deem necessary or advisable. 
Specifically, in connection with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
upon exercise of any Stock Option, the Company shall not be required to 
issue Common Shares unless the Committee has received evidence satisfactory 
to it to the effect that the Optionee will not transfer such shares except 
pursuant to a registration statement in effect under such Act or unless an 
opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company has been received by the 
Company to the effect that such registration is not required. Any 
determination in this connection by the Committee shall be final, binding 
and conclusive. The Company may, but shall in no event be obligated to, 
take any other affirmative action in order to cause the exercise of a Stock 
Option or the issuance of Common Shares pursuant thereto to comply with any 
law or regulation of any government authority.

11. 	
Miscellaneous Provisions

11.1   No person shall have any claim or right to be granted a Stock Option 
or Common Stock under the Plan, and the grant of an NQSO or Common Stock 
under the Plan shall not be construed as giving an Optionee or Common 
Stockholder the right to be retained by the Company. Furthermore, the 
Company expressly reserves the right at any time to terminate its 
relationship with an Optionee with or without cause, free from any 
liability, or any claim under the Plan, except as provided herein, in an 
option agreement, or in any agreement between the Company and the Optionee.

11.2   Any expenses of administering this Plan shall be borne by the 
Company.

11.3   The payment received from Optionee from the exercise of Stock 
Options under the Plan shall be used for the general corporate purposes of 
the Company.

11.4   The place of administration of the Plan shall be in the State of 
Delaware, and the validity, construction, interpretation, administration 
and effect of the Plan and of its rules and regulations, and rights 
relating to the Plan, shall be determined solely in accordance with the 
laws of the State of Delaware.
 
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
11.5    Without amending the Plan, grants may be made to persons who are 
foreign nationals or employed outside the United States, or both, on such 
terms and conditions, consistent with the Plan's purpose, different from 
those specified in the Plan as may, in the judgment of the Committee, be 
necessary or desirable to create equitable opportunities given differences 
in tax laws in other countries.

11.6    In addition to such other rights of indemnification as they may 
have as members of the Board or the Committee, the members of the Committee 
shall be indemnified by the Company against all costs and expenses 
reasonably incurred by them in connection with any action, suit or 
proceeding to which they or any of them may be party by reason of any 
action taken or failure to act under or in connection with the Plan or any 
Stock Option granted thereunder, and against all amounts paid by them in 
settlement thereof (provided such settlement is approved by independent 
legal counsel selected by the Company) or paid by them in satisfaction of a 
judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding, except a judgment based 
upon a finding of bad faith; provided that upon the institution of any such 
action, suit or proceeding a Committee member shall, in writing, give the 
Company notice thereof and an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle 
and defend the same, with counsel acceptable to the Optionee, before such 
Committee member undertakes to handle and defend it on his own behalf.

11.7    Stock Options may be granted under this Plan from time to time, in 
substitution for stock options held by employees of other corporations who 
are about to become employees of the Company as the result of a merger or 
consolidation of the employing corporation with the Company or the 
acquisition by the Company of the assets of the employing corporation or 
the acquisition by the Company of stock of the employing corporation as a 
result of which it becomes a subsidiary of the Company. The terms and 
conditions of such substitute stock options so granted may vary from the 
terms and conditions set forth in this Plan to such extent as the Board of 
Directors of the Company at the time of grant may deem appropriate to 
conform, in whole or in part, to the provisions of the stock options in 
substitution for which they are granted, but no such variations shall be 
such as to affect the status of any such substitute stock options as a 
stock option under Section 422A of the Code.

11.8    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, if the 
Committee finds by a majority vote, after full consideration of the facts 
presented on behalf of both the Company and the Optionee, that the Optionee 
has been engaged in fraud, embezzlement, theft, insider trading in the 
Company's stock, commission of a felony or proven dishonesty in the course 
of his association with the Company or any subsidiary corporation which 
damaged the Company or any subsidiary corporation, or for disclosing trade 
secrets of the Company or any subsidiary corporation, the Optionee shall 
forfeit all unexercised Stock Options and all exercised NQSO's under which 
the Company has not yet delivered the certificates and which have been 
earlier granted to the Optionee by the Committee. The decision of the 
Committee as to the cause of an Optionee's discharge and the damage done to 
the Company shall be final. No decision of the Committee, however, shall 
affect the finality of the discharge of such Optionee by the Company or any 
subsidiary corporation in any manner.
 
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
12. 	
Written Agreement

12.1    Each Stock Option granted hereunder shall be embodied in a written 
Stock Option Agreement which shall be subject to the terms and conditions 
prescribed above and shall be signed by the Optionee and by the President 
or any Vice President of the Company, for and in the name and on behalf of 
the Company. Such Stock Option Agreement shall contain such other 
provisions as the Committee, in its discretion shall deem advisable.


 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Number of Shares:                        	
Date of Grant:                          
 
FORM OF NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

AGREEMENT made this      day of                      200  , between         
                   (the “Optionee”), and _________________________________, 
a Delaware corporation (the “Company”).

1. 	
Grant of Option

The Company, pursuant to the provisions of the 2007 Stock Compensation and 
Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), adopted by the Board of Directors on October 
31, 2007, the Company hereby grants to the Optionee, subject to the terms 
and conditions set forth or incorporated herein, an option to purchase from 
the Company all or any part of an aggregate of    shares of its $.001 par 
value common stock, as such common stock is now constituted, at the 
purchase price of $  per share. The provisions of the Plan governing the 
terms and conditions of the Option granted hereby are incorporated in full 
herein by reference.

2. 	
Exercise

The Option evidenced hereby shall be exercisable in whole or in part on or 
after               and on or before                       , provided that 
the cumulative number of shares of common stock as to which this Option may 
be exercised (except in the event of death, retirement, or permanent and 
total disability, as provided in paragraph 6.9 of the Plan) shall not 
exceed the following amounts:
 
Cumulative Number
of Shares
Prior to Date
(Note Inclusive of)
 

The Option evidenced hereby shall be exercisable by the delivery to and 
receipt by the Company of (i) written notice of election to exercise, in 
the form set forth in Attachment B hereto, specifying the number of shares 
to be purchased; (ii) accompanied by payment of the full purchase price 
thereof in cash or certified check payable to the order of the Company, or 
by fully paid and nonassessable common stock of the Company properly 
endorsed over to the Company, or by a combination thereof, and (iii) by 
return of this Stock Option Agreement for endorsement of exercise by the 
Company on Schedule I hereof. In the event fully paid and nonassessable 
common stock is submitted as whole or partial payment for shares to be 
purchased hereunder, such common stock will be valued at their Fair Market 
Value (as defined in the Plan) on the date such shares received by the 
Company are applied to payment of the exercise price.
 
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

3. 	
Transferability

The Option evidenced hereby is not assignable or transferable by the 
Optionee other than by the Optionee's will or by the laws of descent and 
distribution, as provided in paragraph 6.9 of the Plan. The Option shall be 
exercisable only by the Optionee during his lifetime.

    ____________________________________________


  	By:
  	Name:
ATTEST: 	Title:
 


____________________________________________
Secretary

Optionee hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan, attached hereto 
and accepts this Option subject to each and every term and provision of 
such Plan. Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and 
final, all decisions or interpretations of the of the Board of Directors 
administering the Plan on any questions arising under such Plan. Optionee 
recognizes that if Optionee's employment with the Company or any subsidiary 
thereof shall be terminated without cause, or by the Optionee, prior to 
completion or satisfactory performance by Optionee (except as otherwise 
provided in paragraph 6 of the Plan) all of the Optionee's rights hereunder 
shall thereupon terminate; and that, pursuant to paragraph 6 of the Plan, 
this Option may not be exercised while there is outstanding to Optionee any 
unexercised Stock Option granted to Optionee before the date of grant of 
this Option.

Dated:                                	 
  	Optionee
  	 
  	 
  	Print Name
  	 
  	 
  	Address
  	 
  	 
  	Social Security No.
 
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
ATTACHMENT B

NOTICE OF EXERCISE



To: ____________________________________________



(1) The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ shares of Common 
Shares (the “Common Shares”), of _____________________________________, a 
Delaware corporation pursuant to the terms of the attached Non-Qualified 
Stock Option Agreement, and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price 
in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.
 
(2) Please issue a certificate or certificates representing said shares of 
Common Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is 
specified below:
 

          _______________________________
          (Name)

          _______________________________
          (Address)
          _______________________________




Dated:

  	
______________________________
Signature
 
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Optionee:                                            	Date of Grant:        
                                                      
 
 
SCHEDULE I

 DATE
 SHARES PURCHASED
 PAYMENT RECEIVED
 UNEXERCISED
 SHARES
 REMAINING
 ISSUING
 OFFICER
 INITIALS
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
 
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

