 EX-10.3 7 a2179856zex-10_3.htm EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3

[Letterhead]

                             , 2007

Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc.
100 Crescent Court, Suite 1200
Dallas, Texas 75201

Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
388 Greenwich Street
New York, New York 10013

        Re: Initial Public Offering

Gentlemen:

        This letter is being delivered to you in accordance with the 
Underwriting Agreement (the "Underwriting Agreement") entered into by and 
between Hicks Acquisition Company I, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "
Company") and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as representative of the 
several underwriters (the "Underwriters"), relating to an underwritten 
initial public offering (the "Offering"), of 40,000,000 of the Company's 
units (the "Units"), each comprised of one share of the Company's common 
stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the "Common Stock"), and one warrant 
exercisable for one share of Common Stock (each, a "Warrant"). The Units 
sold in the Offering will be listed and traded on the American Stock 
Exchange pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 and prospectus 
(the "Prospectus") filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in paragraph 
7 hereof.

        In order to induce the Company and the Underwriters to enter into 
the Underwriting Agreement and to proceed with the Offering and for other 
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are 
hereby acknowledged, the undersigned [officer] [director] hereby agrees 
with the Company as follows:

        1.     The undersigned [officer] [director] hereby agrees that in 
the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination (as 
defined in the Underwriting Agreement) within 24 months after the date of 
the final Prospectus relating to the Offering, the undersigned shall take 
all reasonable steps to (a) cause the Trust Account to be liquidated and 
distributed to the holders of Common Stock purchased in the Offering and 
(b) cause the Company to be dissolved and liquidated as soon as reasonably 
practicable. The undersigned agrees that in connection with any cessation 
of the corporate existence of the Company, he or she will take all 
reasonable steps to cause the Company to adopt a plan of dissolution and 
distribution in accordance with Section 281(b) of the General Corporation 
Law of the State of Delaware or any successor provision thereto.

        2.     [To be included in officer letters only, not independent 
director letters.]

                 (a) The undersigned agrees that, in order to minimize 
potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple corporate 
affiliations, until the earlier of the Company's completion of a Business 
Combination, the liquidation of the Company or until such time as the 
undersigned ceases to be an officer of the Company, the undersigned will 
present to the Company for its consideration, prior to presentation to any 
other entity, any relevant business opportunity with a fair market value of 
$200.0 million or more, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or 
contractual obligations [he] [she] might have.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


                 (b) The undersigned understands that the Company may 
effect a Business Combination with any entity other than an entity engaged 
in the energy industry as its principal business or whose principal 
business operations are conducted outside of the United States or Canada 
and agrees that [he] [she] will not participate in the formation of, or 
become affiliated as an officer, director or stockholder of, any other 
blank check company until the closing of this offering and will not become 
involved with any blank check company, other than a blank check company 
which may complete a business combination with a company engaged in the 
energy industry as its principal business or whose principal business 
operations are conducted outside of the United States or Canada, until the 
Company has entered into a definitive agreement regarding its initial 
Business Combination; provided, however, that nothing contained herein 
shall override the undersigned's fiduciary obligations to any entity with 
which [he] [she] is currently directly or indirectly associated or 
affiliated or by whom [he] [she] is currently employed.

                 (c) The undersigned hereby agrees and acknowledges that 
(i) each of the Underwriters and the Company would be irreparably injured 
in the event of a breach by the undersigned of his or her obligations under 
paragraph 2(b), monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for such 
breach and (ii) the non-breaching party shall be entitled to injunctive 
relief, in addition to any other remedy such party may have, in the event 
of such breach.

        2.     [To be included in William H. Cunningham, William A. 
Montgomery, Brian Mulroney and William F. Quinn letters only.]

                 (a) The undersigned agrees that in connection with any 
proposed Business Combination, he (i) shall vote all Founder's Shares owned 
by the undersigned in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the 
Public Stockholders, (ii) the undersigned shall vote any shares acquired by 
him in the Offering or the secondary public market in favor of any proposed 
Business Combination, and (iii) the undersigned shall vote all shares owned 
by him in favor of an amendment to the Company's Certificate of 
Incorporation providing for the Company's perpetual existence in connection 
with a vote to approve a proposed Business Combination. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the undersigned also acknowledges and agrees that he will not 
have any conversion rights with respect to the Founder's Shares owned by 
the undersigned.

                 (b) To the extent that the Underwriters do not exercise 
their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 6,000,000 Units of 
the Company (as described in the Prospectus), the undersigned agrees that 
he shall return to the Company for cancellation, at no cost, the number of 
Founder Units held by the undersigned determined by multiplying 57,500 by a 
fraction, (i) the numerator of which is 6,000,000 minus the number of 
shares of Common Stock purchased by the Underwriters upon the exercise of 
their over-allotment option, and (ii) the denominator of which is 
6,000,000.

                 (c) The undersigned hereby waives any right, title, 
interest or claim of any kind in or to any distributions of the Trust 
Account as a result of any liquidation of the Company with respect to the 
Founder's Shares.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


        3.     (a) Until the date which is 180 days after the completion of 
a Business Combination (the "Lock-Up Period"), the undersigned shall not 
(i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, 
grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of or agree to dispose 
of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent 
position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the 
meaning of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, with 
respect to the Founder's Units, the Founder's Shares and Founder's 
Warrants, any Units acquired in the Offering and the Common Stock and 
Warrants comprising the Units, the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of 
the Founder's Warrants or Warrants or any securities convertible into or 
exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock or such Warrants or Founder's 
Warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock or any such securities 
(collectively, the "Offering Securities"), (ii) enter into any swap or 
other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of 
the economic consequences of ownership of any of the Offering Securities, 
whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of Common Stock 
or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, or (iii) publicly announce 
any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii).

                 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the undersigned may 
transfer his Offering Securities (i) to the Company's officers or 
directors, any affiliates or family members of any of the Company's 
officers or directors or any affiliates of the Sponsor, (ii) by gift to a 
member of the undersigned's immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary 
of which is a member of the undersigned's immediate family, an affiliate of 
the undersigned or to a charitable organization; (iii) by virtue of the 
laws of descent and distribution upon death of the undersigned; (iv) 
pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (v) in the event of the 
Company's liquidation prior to the Company's completion of a Business 
Combination or (vi) in the event of the Company's consummation of a 
liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which 
results in all of the Company's stockholders having the right to exchange 
their shares of Common Stock for cash, securities or other property 
subsequent to the Company's consummation of a Business Combination; 
provided, however, that the permissive transfers set forth above may be 
implemented only upon the respective transferee's written agreement to be 
bound by the terms and conditions of this Letter Agreement. During the 
applicable Lock-Up Period, the undersigned shall not grant a security 
interest in his Offering Securities.

                 (c) Further, the undersigned agrees that after the Lock-Up 
Period has elapsed, the Offering Securities shall only be transferable or 
saleable pursuant to a sale registered under the U.S. Securities Act or 
pursuant to an available exemption from registration.

        4.     The undersigned's biographical information furnished to the 
Company and attached here as Exhibit A is true and accurate in all respects 
and does not omit any material information with respect to the 
undersigned's background. The undersigned's questionnaire furnished to the 
Company and attached hereto as Exhibit B is true and accurate in all 
respects. The undersigned represents and warrants that:

              (a)   the undersigned is not subject to or a respondent in
      any legal action for, any injunction, cease-and-desist order or order
      or stipulation to desist or refrain from any act or practice relating
      to the offering of securities in any jurisdiction;

              (b)   the undersigned has never been convicted of or pleaded
      guilty to any crime (i) involving fraud or (ii) relating to any
      financial transaction or handling of funds of another person, or
      (iii) pertaining to any dealings in any securities and the Founder is
      not currently a defendant in any such criminal proceeding; and

              (c)   the undersigned has never been suspended or expelled
      from membership in any securities or commodities exchange or
      association or had a securities or commodities license or
      registrations denied, suspended or revoked.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


        5.     (a) Except as disclosed in the offering circular relating to 
the Offering, neither the undersigned nor any affiliate of the undersigned 
will be entitled to receive, and no such person will accept, any finder's 
fee, reimbursement or cash payment from the Company for services rendered 
to the Company prior to or in connection with the consummation of a 
Business Combination other than reimbursement for any out-of-pocket 
expenses related to the Offering and identifying, investigating and 
consummating a Business Combination.

                 (b) Neither the undersigned nor any affiliate of the 
undersigned will accept a finder's fee, consulting fee or any other 
compensation or fees from any person or other entity in connection with a 
Business Combination, other than compensation or fees that may be received 
for any services provided following a Business Combination.

        6.     The undersigned has full right and power, without violating 
any agreement by which he is bound (including, without limitation, any 
non-competition or non-solicitation agreement with any employer or former 
employer), to enter into this Letter Agreement, serve as [specify office] 
[a director], and hereby consents to being named in the offering circular 
related to the Offering as an [officer] [director] of the Company

        7.     As used herein, (i) a "Business Combination" shall mean a 
business combination with one or more target businesses that have an 
aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the initial amount held in 
the Trust Account (excluding the amount held in the trust account 
representing the underwriters' deferred commission); (ii) "Founder's Shares
" shall mean the 10,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company (which 
was subsequently increased to 11,500,000 through a stock split) acquired by 
the Sponsor prior to the consummation of Offering, of which an aggregate of 
230,000 Founder's Shares were subsequently transferred in August 2007 to 
William H. Cunningham, William A. Montgomery, Brian Mulroney and William F. 
Quinn; (iii) "Founder's Units" shall mean the units acquired by the Sponsor 
prior to the consummation of the Offering, with each unit consisting of one 
Founder's Share and one Founder's Warrant, of which an aggregate of 230,000 
Founder's Units were subsequently transferred in August 2007 to William H. 
Cunningham, William A. Montgomery, Brian Mulroney and William F. Quinn; 
(iv) "Founder's Warrants" shall mean all of the warrants to purchase 
10,000,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company (which was subsequently 
increased to 11,500,000 through a stock split), acquired by the Sponsor 
prior to the consummation of the Offering,, of which an aggregate of 
230,000 Founder's Warrants were subsequently transferred in August 2007 to 
William H. Cunningham, William A. Montgomery, Brian Mulroney and William F. 
Quinn; (v) "Public Stockholders" shall mean the holders of securities 
issued in the Offering; (vi) "Sponsor" shall mean HH-HACI, LP, a Delaware 
limited partnership, and (vii) "Trust Account" shall mean the trust fund 
into which a portion of the net proceeds of the Offering will be deposited.

        8.     This letter agreement constitutes the entire agreement and 
understanding of the parties hereto in respect of its subject matter and 
supersedes all prior understandings, agreements, or representations by or 
among the parties hereto, written or oral, to the extent they relate in any 
way to the subject matter hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
This letter agreement may not be amended, modified or waived as to any 
particular provision, except by a written instrument executed by all 
parties hereto. No party hereto may assign either this letter agreement or 
any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior 
written approval of the other party. Any purported assignment in violation 
of this paragraph shall be void and ineffectual and shall not operate to 
transfer or assign any interest or title to the purported assignee. This 
letter agreement, the entire relationship of the parties hereto, and any 
litigation between the parties (whether grounded in contract, tort, 
statute, law or equity) shall be governed by, construed in accordance with, 
and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Texas, without giving 
effect to its choice of laws principles. This letter agreement shall be 
binding on the undersigned and such person's respective successors, heirs, 
personal representatives and assigns. This letter agreement shall terminate 
on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the Lock-Up Period and (ii) the 
liquidation of the Company; provided, that this letter agreement shall 
earlier terminate in the event that the Offering is not consummated and 
closed by November 30, 2007.

[Signature Page Follows]

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

  	  	Sincerely,

  	
  	
  
------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Name]

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

