 EX-10.58 3 b67195dsexv10w58.htm EX-10.58 WAIVER AND AMENDMENT BY BANK OF 
AMERICA DATED NOVEMBER 9, 2007


 


Exhibit 10.58


BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
100 Federal Street
Boston, Massachusetts 02110


As of November 9, 2007


Dover Saddlery, Inc.
525 Great Road
Littleton, MA 01460
Attention: Stephen L. Day, President

  	  	  	 
Re:  
  	Waiver and Amendment to Loan Agreement
Dover Saddlery, Inc. Financing Arrangements 	 
 
  	  	 

Dear Stephen:

     We refer to the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement dated as of 
December 11, 2003 (as amended, the “Loan Agreement”) between Dover 
Saddlery, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A. (successor by merger to Fleet 
National Bank). Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have 
the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Loan Agreement.

     You have informed us that the Borrower has failed to comply with and 
observe the covenants contained in Sections 5.17, 5.18, and 5.20 of the 
Loan Agreement with respect to its fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2007, 
which such failure constitutes separate “Events of Default” under Section 
6.1(ii)(x) of the Loan Agreement.

     You have requested on behalf of the Borrower that the Bank waive the 
foregoing Events of Default under the Loan Agreement and that the Bank 
agree to the amendment to the Loan Agreement described below. Subject to 
the conditions specified below, this letter will confirm the following:

     1. Amendment. The definition of “Maturity Date” in section 1.1 of the 
Loan Agreement is amended in its entirety to read as follows (and the third 
paragraph of the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note is amended 
accordingly):

  	  	“Maturity Date” means October 31, 2008.

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     2. Waiver. The Bank is willing to waive the breach by the Borrower of 
the covenants contained in Sections 5.17, 5.18, and 5.20 of the Loan 
Agreement insofar as (and only to the limited extent that) any such breach 
has occurred with respect to the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ended 
September 30, 2007.

     The effectiveness of the foregoing waiver and amendment are 
conditioned upon the following: (i) the Borrower’s agreement (by 
countersigning this Amendment and Waiver) that it shall not enter into any 
new store leases or lease commitments without the prior written consent of 
the Bank in its sole discretion, (ii) the Borrower shall have paid the Bank 
a waiver fee in the amount of $10,000, and (iii) the Bank’s receipt of 
signed commitment letters providing for the refinancing and repayment in 
full of the Obligations and of the Patriot Capital Subordinated Debt, which 
are confidential and shall not be disclosed to third parties except as 
required by law or any governmental authority.

     The waiver contained herein is a one-time waiver only, and does not 
constitute a waiver of (i) any other breach of the Loan Agreement, whether 
existing prior to, on or arising after September 30, 2007 including without 
limitation, any breach arising after such date of the same type or nature, 
or (ii) any of the Bank’s rights and remedies with respect to such other or 
subsequent Defaults or Events of Default.

     The Borrower hereby confirms, by its acceptance hereof, that the Loan 
Agreement remains in full force and effect.
  	  	  	  	 
  	Very truly yours,

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
(successor by merger to Fleet National Bank)
 
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ John F. Lynch   	 
  	  	Title: Senior Vice President  	 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	 
ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO:


DOVER SADDLERY, INC.
(a Massachusetts corporation)
 
  	  	 
By:   	/s/ Stephen L. Day   	  	 
  	Title: President and CEO  	  	 
  	  	  	 
 

- 2 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


CONSENT OF GUARANTORS

     Each of DOVER SADDLERY, INC., a Delaware corporation and SMITH 
BROTHERS, INC. (collectively, the “Guarantors”) has guaranteed the 
Obligations of the Borrower under (and as defined in) the Loan Agreement. 
By executing this consent, each Guarantor hereby absolutely and 
unconditionally reaffirms to the Bank that such Guarantor’s Guaranty 
remains in full force and effect. In addition, each Guarantor hereby 
acknowledges and agrees to the terms and conditions of this Waiver and 
Amendment.
  	  	  	  	 
  	DOVER SADDLERY, INC.
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Michael W. Bruns   	 
  	  	Title: Chief Financial Officer  	 
  	  	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	 
  	
SMITH BROTHERS, INC.
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Stephen L. Day   	 
  	  	Title: Director  	 
  	  	  	 
 

- 3 -