 EX-10.10 4 ex10_10.htm EXHIBIT 10.10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.10
 
THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK WHICH MAY BE PURCHASED UPON THE 
EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED SOLELY FOR INVESTMENT AND HAVE 
NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
"ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD, 
OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH 
REGISTRATION OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS 
COUNSEL THAT SUCH SALE, OFFER, PLEDGE OR HYPOTHECATION IS EXEMPT FROM THE 
REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS OF THE ACT AND OF ANY 
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. UPON THE FULFILLMENT OF CERTAIN OF SUCH 
CONDITIONS EXOBOX TECHNOLOGIES CORP. HAS AGREED TO DELIVER TO THE HOLDER 
HEREOF A NEW WARRANT OR TO THE HOLDER THEREOF A NEW CERTIFICATE FOR THE 
SHARES ISSUABLE HEREUNDER, AS APPLICABLE, IN EACH CASE NOT BEARING THIS 
LEGEND, FOR THE WARRANT OR SUCH SHARES, AS THE CASE MAY BE, REGISTERED IN 
THE NAME OF THE HOLDER HEREOF OR THEREOF. A COPY OF THE AGREEMENT MAY BE 
OBTAINED AT NO COST BY WRITTEN REQUEST MADE BY THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF THIS 
WARRANT OR OF THE SHARES ISSUABLE HEREUNDER TO THE SECRETARY OF EXOBOX 
TECHNOLOGIES CORP.

EXOBOX TECHNOLOGIES CORP.
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
------------------------------------------------------------------------

No. 1
  	
Void after October 31, 2010

THIS CERTIFIES THAT, for value received, ____________________________ (the 
"Holder") is entitled at any time during the 48 month period commencing on 
October 31, 2006 (“Initial Warrant Exercise Date”) to subscribe for and 
purchase Ninety Thousand (90,000) shares of the fully paid and 
nonassessable Common Stock, $.001 par value (the "Shares"), of EXOBOX 
TECHNOLOGIES CORP., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), at the per share 
exercise price of $0.20 (the "Exercise Price"), subject to the provisions 
and upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

 
1.
Method of Exercise; Payment.

 
a.
Cash Exercise. The purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be 
exercised by the Holder, in whole or in part, by the surrender of this 
Warrant (with the notice of exercise form attached hereto as Exhibit A duly 
executed) at the principal office of the Company, and by the payment to the 
Company, by certified, cashier's or other check acceptable to the Company 
or by wire transfer to an account designated by the Company, of an amount 
equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Shares being purchased.

 
b.
Stock Certificates. In the event of any exercise of the rights represented 
by this Warrant, certificates for the Shares so purchased shall be 
delivered to the Holder within a reasonable time and, unless this Warrant 
has been fully exercised or has expired, a new Warrant representing the 
shares with respect to which this Warrant shall not have been exercised 
shall also be issued to the Holder within such time.

 
2.
Stock Fully Paid; Reservation of Shares. All of the Shares issuable upon 
the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant will, upon issuance 
and receipt of the Exercise Price therefor, be fully paid and 
nonassessable, and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to 
the issue thereof. During the period within which the rights represented by 
this Warrant may be exercised, the Company shall at all times have 
authorized and reserved for issuance sufficient shares of its Common Stock 
to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant.

 
3.
Adjustments. Subject to the provisions of Section 11 hereof, the number and 
kind of securities purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant and the 
Exercise Price therefor shall be subject to adjustment from time to time 
upon the occurrence of certain events, as follows:

Page 1 of 7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
a.
Reclassification. In the case of any reclassification or change of 
securities of the class issuable upon exercise of this Warrant (other than 
a change in par value, or from par value to no par value, or from no par 
value to par value, or as a result of a subdivision or combination), or in 
case of any merger of the Company with or into another corporation (other 
than a merger with another corporation in which the Company is the 
acquiring and the surviving corporation and which does not result in any 
reclassification or change of outstanding securities issuable upon exercise 
of this Warrant), or in case of any sale of all or substantially all of the 
assets of the Company, the Company, or such successor or purchasing 
corporation, as the case may be, shall duly execute and deliver to the 
holder of this Warrant a new Warrant (in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the holder of this Warrant), or the Company shall make 
appropriate provision without the issuance of a new Warrant, so that the 
holder of this Warrant shall have the right to receive, at a total purchase 
price not to exceed that payable upon the exercise of the unexercised 
portion of this Warrant, and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock 
theretofore issuable upon exercise of this Warrant, (i) the kind and amount 
of shares of stock, other securities, money and property receivable upon 
such reclassification, change, merger or sale by a holder of the number of 
shares of Common Stock then purchasable under this Warrant, or (ii) in the 
case of such a merger or sale in which the consideration paid consists all 
or in part of assets other than securities of the successor or purchasing 
corporation, at the option of the Holder of this Warrant, the securities of 
the successor or purchasing corporation having a value at the time of the 
transaction equivalent to the fair market value of the Common Stock at the 
time of the transaction. The provisions of this subparagraph (a) shall 
similarly apply to successive reclassifications, changes, mergers and 
transfers.

 
b.
Stock Splits, Dividends and Combinations. In the event that the Company 
shall at any time subdivide the outstanding shares of Common Stock or shall 
issue a stock dividend on its outstanding shares of Common Stock the number 
of Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such 
subdivision or to the issuance of such stock dividend shall be 
proportionately increased, and the Exercise Price shall be proportionately 
decreased, and in the event that the Company shall at any time combine the 
outstanding shares of Common Stock the number of Shares issuable upon 
exercise of this Warrant immediately prior to such combination shall be 
proportionately decreased, and the Exercise Price shall be proportionately 
increased, effective at the close of business on the date of such 
subdivision, stock dividend or combination, as the case may be.

 
4.
Notice of Adjustments. Whenever the number of Shares purchasable hereunder 
or the Exercise Price thereof shall be adjusted pursuant to Section 3 
hereof, the Company shall provide notice to the Holder setting forth, in 
reasonable detail, the event requiring the adjustment, the amount of the 
adjustment, the method by which such adjustment was calculated, and the 
number and class of shares which may be purchased thereafter and the 
Exercise Price therefor after giving effect to such adjustment.

 
5.
Fractional Shares. Whether or not the number of shares purchasable upon the 
exercise of a Warrant is adjusted pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement, 
this Warrant may not be exercised for fractional shares and the Company 
shall not be required to issue fractions of Shares upon exercise of the 
Warrants or to distribute Shares certificates that evidence fractional 
Shares.  In lieu of fractional Shares, there shall be returned to 
exercising Registered Holders of the Warrants upon such exercise an amount 
in cash, in United States dollars, equal to the amount in excess of that 
required to purchase the largest number of full Shares.

 
6.
Representations of the Company. The Company represents that all corporate 
actions on the part of the Company, its officers, directors and 
shareholders necessary for the sale and issuance of the Shares pursuant 
hereto and the performance of the Company's obligations hereunder were 
taken prior to and are effective as of the effective date of this Warrant.

Page 2 of 7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
7.
Representations and Warranties by the Holder. The Holder represents and 
warrants to the Company as follows:

 
a.
This Warrant and the Shares issuable upon exercise thereof are being 
acquired for its own account, for investment and not with a view to, or for 
resale in connection with, any distribution or public offering thereof 
within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act"). 
Upon exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall, if so requested by the 
Company, confirm in writing, in a form satisfactory to the Company, that 
the securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant are being acquired 
for investment and not with a view toward distribution or resale.

 
b.
The Holder understands that the Warrant and the Shares have not been 
registered under the Act by reason of their issuance in a transaction 
exempt from the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the 
Act pursuant to Section 4(2) thereof, and that they must be held by the 
Holder indefinitely, and that the Holder must therefore bear the economic 
risk of such investment indefinitely, unless a subsequent disposition 
thereof is registered under the Act or is exempted from such registration.

 
c.
The Holder has such knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the 
purchase of this Warrant and the Shares purchasable pursuant to the terms 
of this Warrant and of protecting its interests in connection therewith.

 
d.
The Holder is able to bear the economic risk of the purchase of the Shares 
pursuant to the terms of this Warrant.

 
8.
Restrictive Legend. The Shares (unless registered under the Act) shall be 
stamped or imprinted with a legend in substantially the following form: THE 
SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT 
AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION 
THEREOF, AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED. SUCH SHARES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH 
REGISTRATION OR UNLESS THE COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL 
REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO IT STATING THAT SUCH SALE OR TRANSFER IS EXEMPT 
FROM THE REGISTRATION AND PROSPECTUS DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS OF THE ACT. UPON 
THE FULFILLMENT OF CERTAIN OF SUCH CONDITIONS EXOBOX TECHNOLOGIES CORP. HAS 
AGREED TO DELIVER TO THE HOLDER HEREOF A NEW CERTIFICATE NOT BEARING THIS 
LEGEND FOR THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF THE 
HOLDER HEREOF. A COPY OF THE AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED AT NO COST BY 
WRITTEN REQUEST MADE BY THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF THIS CERTIFICATE TO THE 
SECRETARY OF EXOBOX TECHNOLOGIES CORP.

 
9.
Restrictions Upon Transfer and Removal of Legend.

 
a.
The Company need not register a transfer of this Warrant or Shares bearing 
the restrictive legend set forth in Section 8 hereof, unless the conditions 
specified in such legend are satisfied. The Company may also instruct its 
transfer agent not to register the transfer of the Shares, unless one of 
the conditions specified in the legend referred to in Section 8 hereof is 
satisfied.

 
b.
Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a) above, no opinion of 
counsel shall be necessary for a transfer without consideration by any 
holder (i) if such holder is a partnership, to a partner or retired partner 
of such partnership who retires after the date hereof or to the estate of 
any such partner or retired partner, or (ii) if such holder is a 
corporation, to a shareholder of such corporation, or to any other 
corporation under common control, direct or indirect, with such holder.

Page 3 of 7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
10.
Rights of Shareholders. No holder of this Warrant shall be entitled, as a 
Warrant holder, to vote or receive dividends or be deemed the holder of any 
Shares or any other securities of the Company which may at any time be 
issuable on the exercise hereof for any purpose, nor shall anything 
contained herein be construed to confer upon the holder of this Warrant, as 
such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to 
vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to 
shareholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any 
corporate action (whether upon any recapitalization, issuance of stock, 
reclassification of stock, change of par value, consolidation, merger, 
conveyance, or otherwise) or to receive notice of meetings, or to receive 
dividends or subscription rights or otherwise until the Warrant shall have 
been exercised and the Shares purchasable upon the exercise hereof shall 
have become deliverable, as provided herein.

 
11.
Redemption

 
a.
Price  At any time on or after the Initial Warrant Exercise Date the 
Company may redeem the Warrants, at its option, upon thirty days’ notice at 
a price of $.001 per Warrant provided that the average closing bid price on 
the over-the-counter market for the Shares for 10 consecutive trading days 
immediately prior to the date of notice of redemption shall have been $2.50 
or higher.

 
b.
Notice of Redemption   If the Company exercises its right to redeem the 
Warrants, it shall mail a notice of redemption to Registered Holders of the 
Warrants proposed for redemption, first class, postage prepaid, not later 
than thirty days before the date fixed for redemption, at the Registered 
Holders’ last addresses as shall appear on the records of the Warrant 
Agent.  Any notice mailed in the manner provided herein shall be 
conclusively presumed to have been duly given whether or not the Registered 
Holder receives such notice.

 
c.
Contents of Notice  The notice of redemption shall specify the redemption 
price, date fixed for redemption, the place where the Warrant shall be 
delivered and the redemption price shall be paid, and that the right to 
exercise the Warrant shall terminate at 5:00 p.m. (Nevada time) on the 
business day immediately preceding the date fixed for redemption.  The date 
fixed for the redemption of the Warrants shall be the Redemption Date.

 
d.
Early Redemption  The Warrants may be called for redemption prior to the 
redemption date with respect to an entire class or classes, or in the 
alternative, with respect to any portion of a class or classes (and if 
called with respect to a portion of a class, such call shall be on a pro 
rata basis as to the holdings of each Registered Holder within such class).

 
e.
Effect of Redemption  Any right to exercise a Warrant shall terminate at 
5:00 p.m. (Nevada time) on the business day immediately preceding the 
Redemption Date.  On and after the Redemption Date, Holders of the Warrants 
shall have no further rights except to receive, upon surrender of the 
Warrant, the redemption price of $.001, without interest, per Warrant.

 
12.
Notices. All notices and other communications required or permitted 
hereunder shall be in writing, shall be effective when given, and shall in 
any event be deemed to be given upon receipt or, if earlier, (a) five (5) 
days after deposit with the U.S. Postal Service or other applicable postal 
service, if delivered by first class mail, postage prepaid, (b) upon 
delivery, if delivered by hand, (c) one business day after the business day 
of deposit with Federal Express or similar overnight courier, freight 
prepaid or (d) one business day after the business day of facsimile 
transmission, if delivered by facsimile transmission with copy by first 
class mail, postage prepaid, and shall be addressed (i) if to the Holder, 
at the Holder's address as set forth on the books of the Company, and (ii) 
if to the Company, at the address of its principal corporate offices 
(attention: President) or at such other address as a party may designate by 
ten days advance written notice to the other party pursuant to the 
provisions above.

 
13.
Registration Rights Agreement. The registration rights of the Holder 
(including Holders' successors) with respect to the stock underlying this 
warrant will be the same as granted to the holders of the Company's Common 
Stock.

Page 4 of 7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
14.
Governing Law. This Warrant and all actions arising out of or in connection 
with this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
the laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to the conflicts of law 
provisions of the State of Nevada or of any other state.

 
15.
Entire Agreement; Modification; Waivers  This Agreement contains the entire 
agreement of the parties, and supersedes any prior agreements with respect 
to its subject matter. Except for the provisions of subsection 4.2, the 
Warrant Agent and the Company, by supplemental agreement, may make any 
changes in this Agreement (i) that they shall deem appropriate to cure any 
ambiguity or to correct any defective or inconsistent provision or manifest 
mistake or error herein contained; or (ii) that they may deem necessary or 
desirable and that shall not adversely affect the interests of the 
Registered Holders of Warrant Certificates (this provision, for instance, 
shall permit the Exercise Price to be decreased at the Company’s option).

 
16.
Jurisdiction and Venue  The courts of the State of Nevada, sitting in the 
City of Las Vegas, (the “Nevada Courts”) shall have exclusive jurisdiction 
to hear, adjudicate, decide, determine and enter final judgment in any 
action, suit, proceeding, case, controversy or dispute, whether at law or 
in equity or both, and whether in contract or tort or both, arising out of 
or related to this Agreement, or the construction or enforcement hereof or 
thereof (any such action, suit, proceeding, case, controversy or dispute, a 
“Related Action”).  The Company and the Registered Holder hereby 
irrevocably consent and submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of 
the Nevada Courts to hear, adjudicate, decide, determine and enter final 
judgment in any Related Action.  The Company and the Registered Holder 
hereby irrevocably waive and agree not to assert any right or claim that it 
is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the Nevada Courts in any 
Related Action, including any claim of forum non conveniens or that the 
Nevada Courts are not the proper venue or form to adjudicate any Related 
Action.  If any Related Action is brought or maintained in any court other 
than the Nevada Courts, then that court shall, at the request of the 
Company or the Registered Holder, dismiss that action.

 
17.
Specific Performance  The Company hereby acknowledges and agrees that it is 
difficult, if not impossible to measure in money the damages that will 
accrue to the Registered Holder by reason of a failure to issue the Shares 
under this Agreement, and that the Registered Holder may seek to 
specifically enforce the Company’s obligation to issue the Shares.  
Therefore, if the Registered Holder shall institute any action or 
proceeding to enforce the provisions hereof, the Company hereby waives all 
claims or defenses therein that the Registered Holder has an adequate 
remedy at law, and hereby agrees not to assert or otherwise raise any such 
claim or defense.

 
18.
Waiver of Jury Trial  The Company and the Registered Holder hereby waive 
trial by jury in any Related Action.

 
19.
Attorney’s Fees  The prevailing party in any Related Action shall be 
entitled to recover that party’s costs of suit, including reasonable 
attorney’s fees.

 
20.
Binding Effect  This Agreement shall be binding on, and shall inure to the 
benefit of the parties and their respective successors in interest.

 
21.
Construction, Counterparts  This Agreement shall be construed as a whole 
and in favor of the validity and enforceability of each of its provisions, 
so as to carry out the intent of the parties as expressed herein. Heading 
are for the convenience of reference, and the meaning and interpretation of 
the text of any provision shall take precedence over its heading. This 
Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall 
constitute an original, but all of which, taken together shall constitute 
one agreement. A faxed copy or photocopy of a party’s signature shall be 
deemed an original for all purposes.

Page 5 of 7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    Issued this ___ day of October, 2005.
  	
EXOBOX TECHNOLOGIES CORP.
  	  	 
  	
By:
 
  	
Name:
 
  	
Title:
 
 
Page 6 of 7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT A
NOTICE OF EXERCISE

TO:      EXOBOX TECHNOLOGIES CORP.
   6303 Beverly Hill, Suite 210
   Houston, Texas 77057
   Attention: Robert B. Dillon

1.
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase __________ Shares of EXOBOX 
TECHNOLOGIES CORP. pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant.

2.
Method of Exercise (Please initial the applicable blank):

o
The undersigned elects to exercise the attached Warrant by means of a cash 
payment, and tenders herewith or by concurrent wire transfer payment in 
full for the purchase price of the shares being purchased, together with 
all applicable transfer taxes, if any.

3.
Please issue a certificate or certificates representing said Shares in the 
name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below:


_________________________________
     (Name)
  _________________________________

  _________________________________
    (Address)

4.
The undersigned hereby represents and warrants that the aforesaid Shares 
are being acquired for the account of the undersigned for investment and 
not with a view to, or for resale, in connection with the distribution 
thereof, and that the undersigned has no present intention of distributing 
or reselling such shares and all representations and warranties of the 
undersigned set forth in Section 7 of the attached Warrant are true and 
correct as of the date hereof.


  	  	  	 
  	  	  	
(Signature)
  	  	  	
Title: 
 
  	  	  	  	 
(Date)
  	  	  	 
 
 
Page 7 of 7
------------------------------------------------------------------------