 EX-10.1 2 dex101.htm ENGINEERING, PROCUREMENT AND CONSTRUCTION AGREEMENT
PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT MARKED BY *** HAVE BEEN OMITTED PURSUANT TO A 
REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION


Exhibit 10.1

FOIA CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED


ENGINEERING, PROCUREMENT AND CONSTRUCTION AGREEMENT


by and between


DUKE ENERGY CAROLINAS, LLC, as Owner


and


STONE & WEBSTER NATIONAL ENGINEERING P.C., as Contractor


for the


CONSTRUCTION OF A SUPERCRITICAL COAL-FIRED
GENERATION FACILITY IN CLIFFSIDE, NORTH CAROLINA


Dated July 11, 2007

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table of Contents
 
  	   	Page
1. 	   	

 DEFINITIONS

   	2
2. 	   	

 GENERAL PROVISIONS

   	16
   	2.1 	   	

 Intent of Contract Documents

   	16
   	2.2 	   	

 Independent Contractor

   	16
   	2.3 	   	

 Subcontracting; Approved Subcontractors

   	17
   	2.4 	   	

 Assignment of Subcontracts

   	18
   	2.5 	   	

 Interpretation

   	18
   	2.6 	   	

 Inclusion; Order of Precedence

   	19
   	2.7 	   	

 Days

   	19
3. 	   	

 CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITIES

   	19
   	3.1 	   	

 Performance of the Services; Commencement of Work

   	19
   	3.2 	   	

 Professional Standards

   	23
   	3.3 	   	

 Sufficient Personnel

   	23
   	3.4 	   	

 Supervision and Discipline

   	23
   	3.5 	   	

 Contractor’s Key Personnel

   	23
   	3.6 	   	

 Design and Engineering

   	23
   	3.7 	   	

 Quality Assurance Plan

   	24
   	3.8 	   	

 Training

   	24
   	3.9 	   	

 Utility Use

   	24
   	3.10 	   	

 Spare Parts

   	25
   	3.11 	   	

 Subcontractor Presence

   	25
   	3.12 	   	

 Current Records; Record Drawings

   	25
   	3.13 	   	

 Transportation Costs

   	25
   	3.14 	   	

 Project Manuals

   	25
   	3.15 	   	

 Control of Work

   	26
   	3.16 	   	

 Emergencies

   	26
   	3.17 	   	

 Local Conditions; Inspection of Interface Points

   	26
   	3.18 	   	

 Use of Site: Owner Access

   	27
   	3.19 	   	

 Compliance With Laws

   	27
   	3.20 	   	

 Permits and Approvals

   	27
   	3.21 	   	

 Periodic Reports and Meetings

   	28
   	3.22 	   	

 Signage

   	29
   	3.23 	   	

 Interference with Traffic

   	29
   	3.24 	   	

 Supply of Water and Disposal of Sewage

   	29
   	3.25 	   	

 Housekeeping

   	29
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. 	   	

 OWNER RESPONSIBILITIES

   	29
   	4.1 	   	

 Owner’s Representative

   	29
   	4.2 	   	

 Access

   	30
   	4.3 	   	

 Permits

   	30
   	4.4 	   	

 Owner Equipment

   	30
   	4.5 	   	

 Fuel and Utilities

   	30
   	4.6 	   	

 Operation and Maintenance Staff

   	30
   	4.7 	   	

 Job Site Rules

   	31
   	4.8 	   	

 Payment

   	31
5. 	   	

 EQUIPMENT AND WORKMANSHIP

   	31
   	5.1 	   	

 Quality of Equipment and Workmanship

   	31
   	5.2 	   	

 Cost of Tests

   	31
   	5.3 	   	

 Samples

   	31
   	5.4 	   	

 Inspection of Operations

   	32
   	5.5 	   	

 Examination of Work before Covering

   	32
   	5.6 	   	

 Uncovering and Making Openings

   	32
6. 	   	

 SCHEDULE & CONTRACT PRICE

   	32
   	6.1 	   	
 ***
   	32
   	6.2 	   	

 Commencement of Work for the Unit 5 Scrubber

   	33
   	6.3 	   	
 ***
   	33
   	6.4 	   	

 Finalization of Schedule

   	33
   	6.5 	   	

 Enhanced Project Management System

   	34
   	6.6 	   	

 Notices Relating to Unit 5 Scrubber Tie-In

   	34
7. 	   	

 COMPENSATION AND PAYMENT

   	34
   	7.1 	   	

 Cash Flow Plan

   	34
   	7.2 	   	

 Payments of the Contract Price

   	34
   	7.3 	   	

 Invoicing and Payments

   	37
   	7.4 	   	

 Cash Flow

   	38
   	7.5 	   	

 Final Payment

   	39
   	7.6 	   	

 Certification by Contractor

   	39
   	7.7 	   	

 No Acceptance by Payment

   	39
   	7.8 	   	

 Revenue from Use of Unit 6 and Facility

   	39
8. 	   	

 CHANGE ORDERS & PROVISIONAL SUMS

   	40
   	8.1 	   	

 Change Requests

   	40
9. 	   	

 FORCE MAJEURE

   	42
   	9.1 	   	

 Event of Force Majeure

   	42
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	9.2 	   	

 Notice

   	42
   	9.3 	   	

 Suspension; Termination Due to Force Majeure

   	42
10. 	   	

 INSPECTION: PERFORMANCE TESTING: PERFORMANCE GUARANTEES

   	42
   	10.1 	   	

 Mechanical Completion Inspection

   	42
   	10.2 	   	

 Performance Testing

   	43
   	10.3 	   	

 Satisfaction of Performance Testing

   	43
   	10.4 	   	

 Owner’s Right to Operate Prior to Satisfaction of Performance Guarantees

   	44
   	10.5 	   	

 Failure of Component to Meet Performance Criteria

   	44
11. 	   	

 MECHANICAL COMPLETION; SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION; FINAL COMPLETION

   	45
   	11.1 	   	

 Mechanical Completion

   	45
   	11.2 	   	

 Substantial Completion

   	45
   	11.3 	   	

 Final Completion

   	46
12. 	   	

 DELAY AND PERFORMANCE LIQUIDATED DAMAGES; EARLY COMPLETION BONUS

   	47
   	12.1 	   	

 Delay Liquidated Damages

   	47
   	12.2 	   	

 Performance Liquidated Damages

   	48
   	12.3 	   	

 Early Completion Bonus

   	49
   	12.4 	   	

 Payment

   	49
13. 	   	

 WARRANTY

   	49
   	13.1 	   	

 Services Warranty Period

   	49
   	13.2 	   	

 Equipment Warranty Period

   	49
   	13.3 	   	

 Extension of Warranty Periods

   	50
   	13.4 	   	

 Defects

   	50
   	13.5 	   	

 Responsibility for Warranty Work

   	50
   	13.6 	   	

 Conditions of Warranty

   	50
   	13.7 	   	

 Title Warranty

   	51
   	13.8 	   	

 Intellectual Property Warranty

   	51
   	13.9 	   	

 Warranty Assistance

   	51
   	13.10 	   	

 Exclusive Warranties

   	51
14. 	   	

 INDEMNIFICATION

   	52
   	14.1 	   	

 Contractor’s Indemnity

   	52
   	14.2 	   	

 Owner’s Indemnity

   	52
   	14.3 	   	

 Intellectual Property Indemnity

   	53
   	14.4 	   	

 Indemnity Procedures for Third Party Claims

   	54
 
iii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
15. 	   	

 INSURANCE

   	55
   	15.1 	   	

 Owner Provided Builder’s Risk

   	55

 Alternative A-1:

   	56
   	15.2 	   	

 Owner’s Controlled Insurance Program

   	56
   	15.3 	   	

 Excluded Subcontractors

   	57
   	15.4 	   	

 Contractor Insurance

   	57
   	15.5 	   	

 General Requirements

   	58

 Alternative A-2:

   	61
   	15.2 	   	

 Contractor Controlled Insurance Program (CCIP), Contractor’s Insurance and
 Subcontractor’s Insurance

   	61
   	15.3 	   	

 General Requirements

   	63
16. 	   	

 PROJECT CREDIT SUPPORT

   	65
   	16.1 	   	

 Parental Guarantee

   	65
   	16.2 	   	

 Standby Letter of Credit

   	66
   	16.3 	   	

 Cooperation with Owner Financing

   	67
17. 	   	

 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

   	67
   	17.1 	   	

 No Consequential Damages

   	67
   	17.2 	   	

 Maximum Total Liability

   	68
   	17.3 	   	

 Protected Parties

   	68
   	17.4 	   	

 Precedence

   	68
   	17.5 	   	
 ***
   	68
18. 	   	

 LIENS

   	68
   	18.1 	   	

 Liens

   	68
   	18.2 	   	

 Discharge or Bond

   	69
19. 	   	

 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

   	69
   	19.1 	   	

 Delivery of Documentation

   	69
   	19.2 	   	

 Ownership of Rights in Documentation

   	69
   	19.3 	   	

 Ownership of Invention Rights

   	70
   	19.4 	   	

 Disclosure of Documentation

   	70
   	19.5 	   	

 Other Licenses

   	70
20. 	   	

 CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

   	70
   	20.1 	   	

 Confidentiality Obligations

   	70
 
iv

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	20.2 	   	

 Permitted Disclosures

   	70
   	20.3 	   	

 Publicity

   	71
21. 	   	

 ENVIRONMENTAL; HAZARDOUS MATERIALS

   	71
   	21.1 	   	

 Material Safety Data Sheets

   	71
   	21.2 	   	

 Facility Use, Storage Removal

   	71
   	21.3 	   	

 Notice of Presence

   	71
   	21.4 	   	

 Labeling; Training

   	72
   	21.5 	   	

 Handling, Collection, Removal Transportation and Disposal

   	72
   	21.6 	   	

 Notice of Discovery

   	72
   	21.7 	   	

 Policies and Procedures

   	72
   	21.8 	   	

 Asbestos Containing Products

   	73
   	21.9 	   	

 Pre-Existing Hazardous Material

   	73
22. 	   	

 TITLE: RISK OF LOSS

   	73
   	22.1 	   	

 Transfer of Title: Security Interest

   	74
   	22.2 	   	

 Risk of Loss

   	74
   	22.3 	   	

 Contractor Tools

   	74
23. 	   	

 DEFAULT; TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION

   	74
   	23.1 	   	

 Events of Default

   	74
   	23.2 	   	

 Owner Remedies

   	75
   	23.3 	   	

 Contractor Remedies

   	75
   	23.4 	   	

 Termination for Convenience

   	76
   	23.5 	   	

 Termination for Force Majeure

   	77
   	23.6 	   	

 Effect of Termination

   	77
   	23.7 	   	

 Suspension

   	78
24. 	   	

 SAFETY; INCIDENT REPORTING

   	78
   	24.1 	   	

 Environmental, Health and Safety Programs

   	78
   	24.2 	   	

 OSHA and Other Laws

   	79
   	24.3 	   	

 Worksite Safety

   	79
   	24.4 	   	

 Dangerous Materials

   	80
   	24.5 	   	

 Loading

   	81
   	24.6 	   	

 Cooperation in Governmental Investigation

   	81
   	24.7 	   	

 Audit

   	81
25. 	   	

 QUALIFICATIONS AND PROTECTION OF ASSIGNED PERSONNEL

   	81
   	25.1 	   	

 Contractor’s Personnel

   	81
   	25.2 	   	

 Drug and Alcohol Testing

   	82
   	25.3 	   	

 Training of Employees

   	82
   	25.4 	   	

 Compliance with Employment Laws; Policies

   	82
   	25.5 	   	

 Substitution

   	83
 
v

------------------------------------------------------------------------
26. 	   	

 RECORDS AND AUDIT

   	83
   	26.1 	   	

 Technical Documentation

   	83
   	26.2 	   	

 Accounting Records

   	83
   	26.3 	   	

 Owner’s Right to Audit

   	83
   	26.4 	   	

 Sales Tax and Privilege Tax Records

   	84
27. 	   	

 TAXES

   	84
   	27.1 	   	

 Employment Taxes

   	84
   	27.2 	   	

 Sales and Use Taxes on Contractor Tools

   	84
   	27.3 	   	

 Sales and Use Tax on Equipment; Privilege Tax

   	84
   	27.4 	   	

 State Property Taxes

   	86
   	27.5 	   	

 Tax Indemnification

   	86
   	27.6 	   	

 Pollution Control Equipment Information

   	86
28. 	   	

 DISPUTE RESOLUTION

   	87
   	28.1 	   	

 Resolution by the Parties: Mediation

   	87
   	28.2 	   	

 Arbitration Proceedings

   	87
   	28.3 	   	

 Continuation of Work

   	88
29. 	   	

 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

   	89
   	29.1 	   	

 Governing Laws

   	89
   	29.2 	   	

 Entire Agreement

   	89
   	29.3 	   	

 Successors and Assigns

   	89
   	29.4 	   	

 No Third Party Beneficiaries

   	89
   	29.5 	   	

 Rights Exclusive

   	89
   	29.6 	   	

 No Waiver

   	89
   	29.7 	   	

 Survival

   	90
   	29.8 	   	

 Severability

   	90
   	29.9 	   	

 Notices

   	90
   	29.10 	   	

 Vienna Convention

   	91
   	29.11 	   	

 Counterparts

   	91
 
vi

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBITS
 

 Exhibit A

   	Specifications, including the Scope of Work, Drawings, and Training 
Procedures

 Exhibit B

   	Site Description

 Exhibit C

   	Key Schedule Milestones

 Exhibit D

   	List of Contractor Supplied Permits

 Exhibit E

   	List of Owner Supplied Permits

 Exhibit F

   	Cash Flow Plan

 (F-1)

   	Milestone Payment Schedule

 (F-2)

   	Craft Labor Cost plan

 Exhibit G

   	List of Contractor’s Key Management and Construction Personnel

 Exhibit H

   	List of Approved Subcontractors

 Exhibit I

   	Open Book Price and Schedule Finalization Process

 Exhibit J

   	Credit Support

 (J-1)

   	Parent Guarantee

 (J-2)

   	Form Standby Letter of Credit

 (J-3)

   	Value Curve

 Exhibit K

   	Time and Materials Rates

 Exhibit L

   	Performance Guarantees

 (L-1)

   	Unit 5 Scrubber Performance Guarantees

 (L-2)

   	Unit 6 Performance Guarantees

 (L-3)

   	Unit 6 Reliability Testing

 Exhibit M

   	Permitted and Guaranteed Emission Limits

 Exhibit N

   	Owner’s Drug and Alcohol Testing Policy
 
vii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ENGINEERING, PROCUREMENT AND CONSTRUCTION AGREEMENT


This ENGINEERING, PROCUREMENT AND CONSTRUCTION AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) 
is entered into as of the 11th day of July, 2007 (the “Effective Date”), by 
and between DUKE ENERGY CAROLINAS, LLC, a North Carolina limited liability 
company having a place of business in Charlotte, North Carolina (“Owner”), 
and STONE & WEBSTER NATIONAL ENGINEERING P.C., a Shaw Group Company, a 
Massachusetts professional corporation having a place of business in 
Charlotte, North Carolina (“Contractor”). Owner and Contractor may be 
referred to individually as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties”.


RECITALS


WHEREAS, the Owner has been exploring the option to have constructed the 
following systems:
 
  	(i) 	a new nominally-rated 800MW supercritical pulverized coal 
electric-generation unit to be located adjacent to the Owner’s existing 
coal-fired steam station in Cliffside, North Carolina (“Cliffside Unit 6
”); and
 
  	(ii) 	a new flue gas desulfurization system for Owner’s existing Unit 5 
at the Owner’s coal-fired steam station in Cliffside, North Carolina (“
Unit 5 Scrubber”)


(collectively, Cliffside Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber shall hereinafter 
be referred to as the “Project”);


WHEREAS, Contractor is engaged in the business of designing, engineering, 
constructing and commissioning industrial and power generating facilities 
and flue gas desulfurization systems;


WHEREAS, pursuant to the * * * Agreement entered into between Owner and 
Contractor dated * * * (as amended and supplemented, the “* * *”), the 
Parties have worked together on an open book basis to perform certain 
engineering activities and to develop a design and a basis for determining 
a corresponding price acceptable to Owner for the engineering, procurement, 
construction and commissioning (“EPCC”) of the Project; and


WHEREAS, the design and cost basis developed pursuant to the * * * for the 
EPCC of the Project are acceptable to the Owner, and the Owner now desires 
to have the Parties enter into this Agreement for the EPCC of the Project;

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the recitals, the mutual promises 
herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which the Parties acknowledge, the Parties, intending to be 
legally bound, stipulate and agree as follows:
 
1. 	DEFINITIONS

The following capitalized words and phrases used in this Agreement shall 
have the following meanings unless otherwise noted:


“AAA” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 28.2.


“Affiliate” shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, 
directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is 
Controlled by, or is under common Control with such first Person at such 
time.


“Agreement” shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph above 
and shall include all Exhibits, and all amendments hereto (including, to 
the extent applicable, Change Orders).


* * *


“Alstom LNTP” shall mean the Limited Notice to Proceed, dated as of 
December 20, 2006, issued by Owner to Alstom Power Inc. for the purchase of 
the Air Quality Control System for the Unit 5 Scrubber and the option to 
purchase the Air Quality Control System for Unit 6.


“Auxiliary Energy” shall mean the energy produced by Unit 6 that is used to 
serve the auxiliary equipment and facilities necessary or used for the 
production, control, delivery, or monitoring of electricity produced at the 
Site.


“Business Day” shall mean every Day other than Saturday, Sunday or a legal 
holiday recognized by the State.


“Cash Flow Plan” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1.


“Change” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.


“Change in Law” shall mean (a) any binding change after the Effective Date 
in the judicial or administrative interpretation of, or adoption after the 
Effective Date of, any Laws (excluding any Laws relating to net income 
Taxes and excluding any Laws relating to the organization, existence, good 
standing, qualification, or licensing of Contractor or their Affiliates or 
Subcontractors in any jurisdiction), which is inconsistent or at variance 
with any Laws in effect on the Effective Date or (b) the imposition after 
the Effective Date of any condition or requirement (except for any 
conditions or requirements which result from the acts or omissions of 
Contractor or any Subcontractor) not required as of the Effective Date 
affecting the issuance, renewal or extension of any Government Approval 
(excluding any Government Approval relating to the organization, existence, 
good standing, qualification, or licensing of Contractor or its 
Subcontractors in any jurisdiction).


“Change Order” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.


“Collateral” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 22.1.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Commissioning” shall mean the activities required to be conducted by 
Contractor pursuant to the terms of this Agreement in order to bring Unit 6 
or the Unit 5 Scrubber from an inactive condition, when construction is 
essentially complete, to a state where Unit 6 or Unit 5 Scrubber is ready 
for the commencement of operation, including pre-commissioning, start-up, 
individual system and integrated, functional verification and 
synchronization of Unit 6 or Unit 5 Scrubber with other tie-in Facility 
equipment.


“Confidential Information” shall mean, with respect to any Party, all 
written, verbal, electronic and other information and documents such Party 
provides or makes available to the other Party relating in any way to this 
Agreement which are marked as being “Proprietary” to such Party at the time 
of disclosure, or for verbal information reduced to a writing and marked or 
designated as being “Proprietary” to a such Party within seven (7) Days 
after such verbal disclosure. “Confidential Information” shall not include 
any Documentation or any other information that: (a) was already known to 
the other Party at the time it was disclosed by such Party; (b) was 
available to the public at the time it was disclosed by such Party; (c) 
becomes available to the public after being disclosed by such Party through 
no wrongful act of, or breach of this Agreement by, the other Party; (d) is 
received by the other Party without restriction as to use or disclosure 
from a third party; or (e) is independently developed by the other Party 
without benefit of any disclosure of information by such Party.


“Construction Services Payments” shall mean, with respect to each of Unit 6 
and the Unit 5 Scrubber, those payments which have been made or are due and 
payable by Owner to Contractor prior to the Effective Date for those 
on-site services, including erosion control, fire protection modifications 
and other miscellaneous site preparation services, as are more fully 
described in Owner purchase order FHP01564.


“Contract Price” * * *


“Contractor” shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph above 
and shall include respective successors and permitted assigns.


“Contractor Indemnitees” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.2.


“Contractor Permits” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.20.


“Contractor’s Project Manager” shall mean the Person who Contractor 
designates in Exhibit G to issue and receive communications on Contractor’s 
behalf under this Agreement.


“Contractor’s Site Representative” shall mean the Person who Contractor 
designates in Exhibit G to represent Contractor at the Site.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Control” shall mean (i) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the 
power to direct or cause the direction of management and policies of a 
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, as a trustee or 
executor, by contract or credit arrangement, or otherwise, or (ii) the 
ownership, directly or indirectly, of fifty percent (50%) or more of the 
equity interest in a Person.


“Craft Labor Cost Comparison” shall mean, as the context requires, either:

(a) a comparison of the total Craft Labor Costs incurred on the Project at 
such date against the Craft Labor Cost plan set forth in Exhibit F-2; or

(b) a comparison of the total Craft Labor Costs incurred on the Project at 
such date against the Craft Labor Cost Target.


“Craft Labor Costs” shall mean those amounts for each of Unit 6 and the 
Unit 5 Scrubber, respectively, equal to the product of (a) the total direct 
and indirect craft labor hours (and any mutually agreed upon Subcontractor 
labor) expended by Contractor hereunder in performing the Work for Unit 6 
or the Unit 5 Scrubber, as applicable, and (b) the applicable craft labor 
rates (including wages, per diems, incentives and other expenses) payable 
with respect to each such craft labor hour as set forth in Exhibit I.


“* * *” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2(a)(iii).


“* * *” shall mean * * *.


“* * *” shall mean * * *.


“Craft Labor Cost Underrun” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
7.2(a)(iii).


“Day” shall mean a calendar day, including Saturdays, Sundays, and 
holidays.


“Default” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 23.1.


“Defects” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.4.


“Delay Liquidated Damages” shall mean:

(a) With respect to Unit 6:

(i) * * * per Day (or any portion of a Day) for the first * * * Days that 
Contractor fails to achieve Substantial Completion of Unit 6 by the 
Guaranteed Substantial Completion Date for Unit 6;
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) * * * per Day (or any portion of a Day) for each Day in excess of the 
first * * * Days but less than or equal to * * * Days that Contractor fails 
to achieve Substantial Completion of Unit 6 by the Guaranteed Substantial 
Completion Date for Unit 6; and

(iii) * * * per Day (or any portion of a Day) for each Day in excess of * * 
* Days that Contractor fails to achieve Substantial Completion of Unit 6 by 
the Guaranteed Substantial Completion Date for Unit 6.

(b) With respect to the Unit 5 Scrubber:

(i) With respect to Unit 5 Scrubber Tie-In:

(A) * * * per Day (or any portion of a Day) for each Day on or after the 
Guaranteed Tie-In Commencement Date until the * * * Day after the 
Guaranteed Tie-In Commencement Date that Unit 5 Scrubber Tie-In has not 
commenced;

(B) * * * per Day (or any portion of a Day) for each Day after the * * * 
Day but prior to the * * * Day on or after the Guaranteed Tie-In 
Commencement Date that Unit 5 Scrubber Tie-In has not commenced; and

(C) * * * per Day (or any portion of a Day) for each Day after the * * * 
Day on or after the Guaranteed Tie-In Commencement Date that Unit 5 
Scrubber Tie-In has not commenced;

(ii) After commencement of Unit 5 Scrubber Tie-In, * * * per Day (or any 
portion of a Day) for each Day after the Guaranteed Tie-in Completion Date 
that the successful tie-in of the Unit 5 Scrubber has not been achieved; 
and

(iii) After the successful tie-in of the Unit 5 Scrubber has been achieved, 
* * * per Day (or any portion of a Day) for each Day after the Guaranteed 
Substantial Completion Date of the Unit 5 Scrubber that Contractor fails to 
achieve Substantial Completion of the Unit 5 Scrubber.


“Delay Liquidated Damages Cap” for Unit 6 or for the Unit 5 Scrubber shall 
mean * * * of the respective Contract Price for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber, as may be amended by Change Order.


“Design Documents” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.6.


“Dispute” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 28.1.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Documentation” shall mean such materials in printed or electronic format 
that are agreed, or are required hereunder, to be delivered by Contractor 
to Owner, including, without limitation, Design Documents, specifications 
(including the Specifications), schedules (including the Schedule), 
schematics, drawings (including Final Completion agreed “as built” drawings 
as specified in Exhibit A), blueprints, memoranda, letters, notes, 
isometrics, computer programs and software, flow charts, logic diagrams, 
graphs, studies, system descriptions, lists, charts, diagrams, standards, 
criteria, assumptions, measurements, procedures (including the Testing 
Procedure), instructions, reports, test data and results, analyses, 
calculations, formulas, computations, plans, empirical and other 
correlations, models, manuals (including software manuals and Project 
Manuals) and training materials, that are necessary for the design, 
Commissioning, operation, maintenance, modification or decommissioning of 
the Project.


“Duke Coal Facility” or the “Facility” shall mean the Owner’s entire 
physical coal facility known as the Cliffside Steam Station, including the 
Project and all other generating units and ancillary structures thereto.


“Early Completion Bonus” shall mean, with respect to Unit 6:

(a) *** per Day for each Day earlier than *** Days but less than or equal 
to *** Days that Contractor achieves Substantial Completion of Unit 6 prior 
to the Guaranteed Substantial Completion Date for Unit 6; and

(b) *** per Day for each Day earlier than *** Days that Contractor achieves 
Substantial Completion of Unit 6 prior to the Guaranteed Substantial 
Completion Date for Unit 6.


“Effective Date” shall mean the date set forth in the first paragraph of 
this Agreement.


“Electrical Output” shall mean the net electrical power, as measured at the 
high side of the main step-up transformer, that is produced by Unit 6 in 
kilowatts (kW) during the Performance Testing, at the test specified 
operating conditions, and corrected to the base performance conditions set 
forth in Exhibit L-2.


“Equipment” shall mean any and all material, structure, buildings, 
apparatus, equipment, spare parts, hardware, Documentation, goods, tools, 
supplies, and other personal property, all as intended to become a 
permanent part of the Project, that Contractor furnishes, or is required to 
furnish, hereunder in accordance with the Specifications or otherwise for 
the Project. “Equipment” includes (a) all of the foregoing items that 
Contractor furnishes through a Subcontractor and (b) all of the foregoing 
items that Contractor has purchased or provided or has committed to 
purchase or provide, directly or indirectly through a Subcontractor, 
pursuant to the JPDA. For the purposes of this Agreement, “Equipment” shall 
not include any Owner Equipment.


“Equipment Warranty Period” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
13.2.


“Estimated Prices” shall mean those portions of the Contract Price for each 
of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, respectively, that are referred to as 
the “Estimated Prices” in Exhibit I,
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
which prices are, as of the Effective Date, indicative estimates based upon 
historical data, requests for information, bids or other data sources as 
have been mutually agreed upon by the Parties, and which prices will be 
revised, updated and finalized pursuant to Section 6.3 and Exhibit I prior 
to the Price Finalization Deadline.


“Existing LNTPs” shall mean, collectively, the Alstom LNTP, the Hitachi 
LNTP and the Toshiba LNTP.


“Final Completion” shall mean, with respect to each of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber, the achievement by Contractor of all the conditions set forth in 
Section 11.3.


“Final Completion Date” shall mean, with respect to each of Unit 6 or the 
Unit 5 Scrubber, the date on which Final Completion of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber occurs.


“Final Payment Invoice” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.5.


“Financial Institutions” shall mean any party entering into a loan 
agreement, guarantee, note, indenture or security agreement with Owner or 
its Affiliates in relation to the Duke Coal Facility, including 
arrangements relating to interest rate or currency hedging and arrangements 
relating to the construction or permanent financing or refinancing of the 
Project or the Facility.


“Fixed Prices” shall mean for each of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, 
respectively, those portions of the Contract Price that are referred to as 
the “Fixed Prices” in Exhibit I to be paid by Owner to Contractor in 
accordance herewith for the Work, which amounts shall be revised, updated 
and finalized pursuant to Section 6.3 and Exhibit I, and as may be adjusted 
by Change Orders issued hereunder.


“Force Majeure” shall mean an unforeseeable event or cause that is beyond 
the reasonable control of a Party, including by way of example, but not 
limited to:

(a) acts of God, war, riots, insurrection, terrorism, rebellion, floods, 
hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, lightning, pandemic, epidemics, and 
other natural calamities;

(b) acts or inaction of any Government Authority;

(c) explosions or fires;

(d) strikes, lockouts, or other labor disputes, but excluding legal 
strikes, lockouts or work stoppages involving only employees of Contractor 
and that are directed solely at a Contractor facility;

(e) delay in the performance of the Services or delivery of Equipment or 
Owner Equipment to the extent any such delay is not attributable to an act 
or omission of Contractor, or its employees, officers, agents, 
Subcontractors or other Persons under Contractor’s control and supervision, 
unless such acts or omissions are themselves a result of Force Majeure;

(f) a Change in Law, but only to the extent such Change in Law delays a 
Party or increases its cost, as demonstrated by credible evidence, in its 
performance of its obligations under this Agreement (excluding payment 
obligations); and
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) delays in obtaining goods or services from any Subcontractor caused by 
the occurrence of any of Force Majeure events;


provided, however, that an event or cause shall not be an event of Force 
Majeure unless it: (i) negatively impacts the Work under this Agreement, 
(ii) is not the result of the willful misconduct or negligent act or 
omission of, or breach of this Agreement by, such Party (or any Person over 
whom that Party has control), and (iii) cannot be cured, remedied, avoided, 
offset, or otherwise overcome by the prompt exercise of reasonable 
diligence by the Party (or any Person over whom that Party has control). 
For the avoidance of doubt, except as otherwise expressly provided in 
Exhibit I attached hereto, the definition of “Force Majeure” shall not 
include, and Contractor shall not be entitled to equitable relief for, 
changes such as inflation and interest rates.


“Full Notice to Proceed” with respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber 
shall mean the written notice that Owner gives to Contractor fully 
authorizing Contractor to proceed with the respective Work for Unit 6 or 
the Unit 5 Scrubber.


“Government Authority” shall mean any federal, state, county, city, local, 
municipal, foreign or other government or quasi-governmental authority or 
any department, agency, subdivision, court or other tribunal of any of the 
foregoing.


“Government Approvals” means all permits, licenses, authorizations, 
consents, decrees, waivers, privileges and approvals from and filings with 
any Government Authority required for or material to the development, 
financing, ownership, construction, operation or maintenance of the Project 
in accordance with this Agreement, including the CPCN and other work 
permits, environmental permits, licenses and construction permits.


“Guaranteed Emission Limits” shall mean, with respect to Unit 6 and the 
Unit 5 Scrubber, those specific emission limits and requirements identified 
as such and set forth in Exhibit M which must be met in order to achieve 
Final Completion of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber.


“Guaranteed Final Completion Date” shall mean:

(a) With respect to the Unit 5 Scrubber, ***; and

(b) With respect to Unit 6, ***;


as such dates may be adjusted in accordance with Exhibit I and by Change 
Order.


“Guaranteed Substantial Completion Date” shall mean:

(a) With respect to the Unit 5 Scrubber, ***; and

(b) With respect to Unit 6, ***;


as such dates may be adjusted in accordance with Exhibit I and by Change 
Order.


“Guaranteed Tie-In Commencement Date” shall mean ***, as such date may be 
adjusted in accordance with Exhibit I and by Change Order.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Guaranteed Tie-In Completion Date” shall mean ***, as such date may be 
adjusted in accordance with Exhibit I and by Change Order.


“Guarantor” shall mean ***.


“Hazardous Materials” shall mean substances defined as “hazardous 
substances” pursuant to Section 101(14) Comprehensive Environmental 
Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended by the 
Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C. Sections 
9601 et seq.); those substances defined as “hazardous waste” pursuant to 
Section 1004(5) of the Resource, Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 
Section 6901 et seq.); those substances designated as a “hazardous 
substance” pursuant to Section 311 (b )(2)(A) or as a “toxic pollutant” 
pursuant to Section 307(a)(1) of the Clean Water Act (33 U.S.C. Sections 
1251 et seq.); those substances defined as “hazardous materials” pursuant 
to Section 103 of the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act (49) U.S.C. 
Sections 1801 et seq.); those substances regulated as a “chemical substance 
or mixture” or as an “imminently hazardous chemical substance or mixture” 
pursuant to Section 6 or 7 of the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 
Sections 2601 et seq.); those substances defined as “contaminants” pursuant 
to Section 1401 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. Sections 300f et 
seq.), if present in excess of permissible levels; those substances 
regulated pursuant to the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. Sections 
2701 et seq.); those substances defined as a “pesticide” pursuant to 
Section 2(u) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act as 
amended by the Federal Environmental Pesticide Control Act of 1972 and by 
the Federal Pesticide Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. Sections 136 et seq.); those 
substances defined as a “source”, “ or “by-product” material pursuant to 
Section 11 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. Section 2014 et seq
.); those substances defined as “residual radioactive material” in Section 
101 of the Uranium Mill Tailings Radiation Control Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 
Sections 7901 et seq.); those substances defined as “toxic materials” or 
“harmful physical agents” pursuant to Section 6 of the Occupational Safety 
and Health Act (29 U.S.C. Section 651 et seq.); those substances defined as 
“hazardous air pollutants” pursuant to Section 112(a)(6), or “regulated 
substance” pursuant to Section 112(a)(2)(B) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 
Sections 7401 et seq.); those substances defined as “extremely hazardous 
substances” pursuant to Section 302(a)(2) of the Emergency Planning & 
Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C. Sections 11001 et seq.); and 
those other hazardous substances, hazardous wastes, toxic pollutants, 
hazardous materials, chemical substances or mixtures, imminently hazardous 
chemical substances or mixtures, contaminants, pesticides, source 
materials, by-product materials, residual radioactive materials, toxic 
materials, harmful physical agents, air pollutants, regulated substances, 
or extremely hazardous substances defined in any regulations promulgated 
pursuant to any of the foregoing environmental Laws, and all other 
contaminants, toxins, pollutants, hazardous substances, substances, 
materials and contaminants, polluted, toxic and hazardous materials, the 
use, disposition, possession or control of which is regulated by one or 
more Laws.


“Heat Rate” shall mean the test calculated net heat rate in BTU/kW-hr in 
HHV for Unit 6 during the Performance Testing at the test specified 
operating conditions and corrected to the base performance conditions set 
forth in Exhibit L-2.


“Hitachi LNTP” shall mean the Limited Notice to Proceed, dated as of ***, 
issued by Owner to Hitachi Power Systems America, Ltd. for the purchase of 
one new single-reheat boiler.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Indemnified Party” shall mean the Owner Indemnitees or Contractor 
Indemnitees, as applicable.


“Invoice” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.3(a).


“***” shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals.


“*** Payments” shall mean those amounts paid by Owner to Contractor under 
the *** for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber, as applicable, but excluding the 
Construction Services Payments.


“Key Schedule Milestone” shall mean each Key Schedule Milestone identified 
on Exhibit C.


“Laws” shall mean, at any date of determination, all statutes, laws, codes, 
ordinances, orders, judgments, decrees, injunctions, licenses, rules, 
permits, approvals, agreements, and regulations, including all applicable 
codes, standards, rules and regulations of the State, in effect on such 
date, including all Government Approvals.


“Lien” shall mean any lien, mortgage, pledge, encumbrance, charge, security 
interest, defect in title, or other claim filed or asserted in connection 
with the Project by or through Contractor, a Subcontractor or any other 
third party under the control of Contractor or any Subcontractor against 
the Facility, the Site, the Equipment or the Owner Equipment.


“Liquidated Damages” shall mean the Delay Liquidated Damages and the 
Performance Liquidated Damages.


“Limited Notice to Proceed” or “LNTP” with respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber shall mean a written notice that Owner gives to Contractor 
authorizing Contractor to proceed with the respective Work for Unit 6 or 
the Unit 5 Scrubber in a limited manner.


“Make Right Performance Guarantees” shall mean those Performance Guarantees 
designated as such in Exhibit L for which the payment of a Performance 
Liquidated Damage as a remedy shall not be an option for Contractor, which 
shall include the Guaranteed Emission Limits but only to the extent that 
the failure to meet any such limits are attributable to Contractor’s scope 
of Work set forth in Section 3.1(a)(ii)(B).


“Major Subcontractor” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(c).


“Maximum Liability Amount” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
17.2.


“Mechanical Completion” for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber shall mean that 
Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber shall have achieved all the conditions set 
forth in Section 11.1.


“Milestone” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.


“Milestone Payment” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Minimum Performance Guarantees” shall mean, to the extent that the failure 
to meet any such limit is attributable to Contractor’s scope of Work set 
forth in Section 3.1(a)(ii)(B):

(a) With respect to the operation of the Unit 5 Scrubber, those minimum 
performance guarantees which must be met in accordance with Exhibit L-1 in 
order for Contractor to achieve Substantial Completion of the Unit 5 
Scrubber and which allows the Unit 5 Scrubber to operate in compliance with 
applicable Laws; and

(b) With respect to the operation of Unit 6 in accordance with the 
performance conditions set forth in Exhibit L-2, the achievement by Unit 6 
of net Heat Rate for Unit 6 not exceeding *** of the Performance Guarantees 
(or *** BTU/kW-hr HHV) and a net Electrical Output for Unit 6 not less than 
*** of the Performance Guarantees (or *** kW), both of which are achieved 
while meeting the Permitted Emission Limits of Unit 6;


as such performance guarantees may be adjusted in accordance with Exhibit I 
and by Change Order.


“Monthly Progress Report” shall mean the written report Contractor delivers 
to Owner each month describing the total amount of progress in the Work 
achieved during the prior month, as provided in Section 3.21(a).


“Open Book Price and Schedule Finalization Process” shall mean the 
procedures for determining the Contract Price and Schedule as set forth in 
Exhibit I.


“OSHA” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 24.2.


“OSHA Standards” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 24.2.


“Owner” shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph above and 
shall include their respective successors and permitted assigns.


“Owner Equipment” shall mean the equipment that Owner agrees to purchase 
and supply pursuant to the Owner Equipment Contracts, including 
specifically the following items:

(a) one wet flue gas desulfurization (FGD) system for the Unit 5 Scrubber 
and one air quality control system (AQCS) for Unit 6 from Alstom Power, 
Inc.;

(b) one 904,500 kW TCAF-40” Super-Critical Steam Turbine and associated 
1070MVA generator from Toshiba International Corporation; and

(c) one new single-reheat boiler from Hitachi Power Systems America, Ltd.


“Owner Equipment Contracts” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
3.1(a)(ii).


“Owner Indemnitees” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.1.


“Owner Permits” shall mean the permits and approvals that Owner is required 
to obtain as set forth in Section 4.3 and Exhibit E.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Owner’s Project Director” shall mean the Person that Owner designates in 
writing to issue and receive communications on Owner’s behalf under this 
Agreement.


“Party” shall have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph.


“Performance Guarantees” shall mean, to the extent that the failure to meet 
any such limit is attributable to Contractor’s scope of Work set forth in 
Section 3.1(a)(ii)(B):

(a) With respect to the operation of the Unit 5 Scrubber, those specific 
guarantees set forth in Exhibit L-1 under the performance conditions set 
forth in Exhibit L-1, which must be met in order for Contractor to achieve 
Final Completion of the Unit 5 Scrubber; and

(b) With respect to the operation of Unit 6 in accordance with the 
performance conditions set forth in Exhibit L-2, the achievement by Unit 6 
of a Heat Rate for Unit 6 not exceeding * * * BTU/kW-hr HHV, an Electrical 
Output for Unit 6 not less than * * * kW and Unit 6 Main Steam Flow 
Capacity of not less than * * * lb/hr (all of which are achieved while 
meeting the Guaranteed Emission Limits of Unit 6).


as such may be adjusted in accordance with Exhibit I and by Change Order.


“Performance Liquidated Damages” shall mean, to the extent that the failure 
to meet any such limit is attributable to Contractor’s scope of Work set 
forth in Section 3.1(a)(ii)(B):

(a) With respect to Unit 6, * * * per each BTU/kWhr measured as HHV over 
the Performance Guarantee for Unit 6 Heat Rate, * * * per each kW under the 
Performance Guarantee for Unit 6 Electrical Output and * * * for each 
lbm/hr under the Performance Guarantee for Unit 6 Main Steam Flow Capacity 
in accordance with Exhibit L-2; and

(b) With respect to Unit 6, * * * per lb per hr for ammonia consumption. In 
addition, as of the Effective Date, the Owner has yet to finalize the 
contractual performance guarantees with Alstom Power Inc. for the Unit 5 
Scrubber and Unit 6. The items that are subject to performance guarantee 
are noted in Exhibit L-1 and Exhibit L-2, but the liquidated damage values 
are estimates as of the Effective Date and are yet to be finalized with 
Alstom Power, Inc. Contractor has agreed that, to the extent that the 
failure to meet any of the guarantees agreed upon with Alstom Power, Inc. 
are attributable to Contractor’s scope of Work set forth in Section 
3.1(a)(ii)(B), Contractor shall be responsible for such performance 
guarantees and liquidated damages in a value equal to those final 
performance guarantees and liquidated damages as agreed upon between Owner 
and Alstom Power, Inc., with such values not to exceed the liquidated 
damage value estimates currently set forth in Exhibit L-1 and Exhibit L-2. 
A Change Order will be issued to include such performance guarantees and 
the final liquidated damages in this Agreement no later than the Price 
Finalization Deadline.


“Performance Liquidated Damages Cap” for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber 
shall mean * * * of the respective Contract Price for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber, as may be amended by Change Order.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Performance Testing” shall mean the tests, conducted in accordance with 
the Testing Procedures, by which Contractor demonstrates that Unit 6 and 
the Unit 5 Scrubber meets, for Substantial Completion, the Minimum 
Performance Guarantees, or for Final Completion, the Performance 
Guarantees.


“Permitted Emission Limits” shall mean:

(a) With respect to Unit 6, those specific emission limits for each 
regulated pollutant set forth in the Prevention of Significant 
Deterioration (PSD) construction permit issued by the North Carolina 
Department of Environment and Natural Resources (NCDENR) Division of Air 
Quality authorizing the construction and operation of Unit 6 and which 
specifies the methods of measurement, recordation, and compliance and which 
are designated as such and set forth in Exhibit M.

(b) With respect to the Unit 5 Scrubber, those emission limits designated 
as such and set forth in Exhibit M.


“Person” shall mean any individual, company, corporation, partnership, 
joint venture, association, joint stock company, limited liability company, 
trust, estate, unincorporated organization, Government Authority or other 
entity having legal capacity.


“Preliminary Schedule” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.


“Price Finalization Date” shall mean the date on which the Parties have 
agreed on the final Contract Price and the Schedule pursuant to Article 6.


“Price Finalization Deadline” shall mean * * *, or such other date that is 
mutually agreed to in writing by the Parties as the deadline for 
establishing the final Contract Price and the Schedule.


“Prime Interest Rate” shall mean, as of a particular date, the prime rate 
of interest as published on that date in The Wall Street Journal, and 
generally defined therein as “the base rate on corporate loans posted by at 
least 75% of the nation’s 30 largest banks.” If The Wall Street Journal is 
not published on a date for which the interest rate must be determined, the 
prime interest rate shall be the prime rate published in The Wall Street 
Journal on the nearest-preceding date on which The Wall Street Journal was 
published. If The Wall Street Journal discontinues publishing a prime rate, 
the prime interest rate shall be the prime rate announced publicly from 
time to time by Bank of America, N.A. or its successor.


“Project” shall mean collectively Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber as set 
forth in the Recitals.


“Project Manuals” shall mean those manuals prepared by Contractor for use 
by Owner or its designated operator in connection with the operation, 
maintenance of and training on the Project that conform to the requirements 
of Exhibit A.


“Progress Meeting” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.21(b).
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Prudent Industry Practice” shall mean those practices, methods, equipment, 
specifications and standards of safety and performance, as the same may 
change from time to time, as are commonly used, or are generally accepted, 
in construction or operations of electric power generation facilities 
similar to the Project, which in the exercise of reasonable judgment and in 
light of the facts known at the time the decision was made, after due and 
diligent inquiry, are considered good, safe and prudent practices in 
connection with the operation and maintenance of facilities similar to the 
Project with commensurate standards of safety, performance, dependability, 
efficiency, and economy, and as are in accordance with generally accepted 
standards of professional care, skill, diligence, and competence applicable 
to operation, maintenance and construction practices in United States.


“Quality Assurance Plan” shall have the meaning as set forth in Section 3.7
.


“Real Property” shall mean all structures, buildings, improvements and 
permanent fixtures annexed or attached to Unit 6 and Unit 5 Scrubber and 
constructed for Owner, buildings of all kinds and descriptions including 
structural and other improvements to buildings, foundations, walls, floors, 
roofs, insulation, stairways, partitions, loading and unloading platforms 
and canopies, areaways, systems for heating and air conditioning, 
ventilating, sanitation, fixed fire protection, lighting, plumbing, and 
drinking water, building elevators and escalators, retaining walls, piling 
and mats for general improvements of Site, private roads, walks, paved 
areas, culverts, bridges, viaducts, fencing, reservoirs, dykes, dams, 
ditches, canals, drainage, storm and sanitary sewers, water lines for 
drinking, sanitary and fire protection and all building materials which 
become an integral part of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber.


“Reliability Testing” shall have the meaning as set forth in Exhibit L-3 
attached hereto.


“Sales Tax” shall mean any current or future sales, use or similar tax 
imposed on Contractor, any Subcontractor or Owner with respect to the Work 
by the State or any other Government Authority.


“Schedule” shall mean the critical schedule of key dates and milestones, 
including the Milestones, for completion of the Work, as set forth in 
Exhibit C, as modified or updated from time to time in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement.


“SDS” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 25.4.


“Services” shall mean all labor, transportation, packaging, storage, 
designing, drawing, engineering, demolition, Site preparation, 
manufacturing, construction, commissioning, installation, testing, 
equipping, verification, training, procurement (whether procurement of 
Equipment or otherwise) and other work, services and actions (including 
pursuant to any warranty obligations) to be performed by Contractor 
hereunder (whether at the Site or otherwise) in connection with, or 
relating to, the Project (or any component thereof, including any Equipment 
and any Owner Equipment). “Services” includes (a) all of the foregoing 
items that Contractor provides through a Subcontractor, (b) all of the 
foregoing items that Contractor has provided or has committed to provide 
directly, or indirectly through a Subcontractor, pursuant to the JPDA and 
the Construction Services agreement and (c) the services that Contractor 
provides with respect to Owner Equipment pursuant to Section 3.1(a)(ii).
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Services Warranty Period” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 13.1
.


“Scope of Work” shall mean the scope of work as set forth in Exhibit A.


“Site” shall mean the physical location at the Cliffside Steam Station 
under the care, custody and control of Contractor upon which Contractor 
shall perform the construction portion of the Work as described in Exhibit 
B.


“Specifications” shall mean the Project specifications in Exhibit A.


“Standby Letter of Credit” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 16.2
.


“State” shall mean the State of North Carolina and its Government 
Authorities.


“Subcontractor” shall mean a Person, including any vendor, materialman or 
supplier, who has a contract (whether written or oral, a purchase order or 
otherwise) with Contractor or a contract with any Person hired by 
Contractor or with a Person of any lower tier (e.g., a second- or 
third-tier subcontractor) to perform any of the Services or to furnish any 
Equipment, at the Site or elsewhere.


“Substantial Completion” shall mean that Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber 
shall have achieved all the conditions set forth in Section 11.2.


“Substantial Completion Date” shall mean the date on which Substantial 
Completion of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber actually occurs.


“Substantial Completion Punch List” shall mean the written list of items of 
Work with respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber (which Contractor 
prepares and with which Owner agrees prior to Substantial Completion) that 
remain to be completed by Contractor after Substantial Completion of Unit 6 
or the Unit 5 Scrubber but prior to Final Completion of Unit 6 or the Unit 
5 Scrubber and which shall not affect the safety, reliability or 
operability of the Facility.


“Tangible Personal Property” shall mean all property, other than Real 
Property, that has physical substance and monetary value; all property not 
permanently attached to or in the form of Real Property when purchased; 
such as power plant machinery, air, water and noise pollution abatement 
equipment to be incorporated into the Project (Tangible Personal Property 
shall be interpreted consistently with the Laws of the State).


“Taxes” shall mean all present and future license, documentation, recording 
and registration fees, all taxes (including income, gross receipts, 
unincorporated business income, payroll, sales, use, privilege, personal 
property (tangible and intangible), real estate, excise and stamp taxes), 
levies, imports, duties, assessments, fees (customs or otherwise), charges 
and withholdings of any nature whatsoever, and all penalties, fines, 
additions to tax, and interest imposed by any Government Authority.


“Testing Procedures” shall mean those procedures prepared for the 
Performance Testing by Contractor in accordance with Exhibit L and 
reasonably acceptable to Owner.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Third Party Claim” shall mean any claim, demand or cause of action of 
every kind and character by any Person other than Owner or Contractor. For 
the avoidance of doubt, a claim, demand or cause of action by an employee 
of Owner or Contractor (unless made on behalf of Owner or Contractor) shall 
be considered a Third Party Claim hereunder.


“Toshiba LNTP” shall mean the Limited Notice to Proceed, dated as of * * *, 
issued by Owner to Toshiba International Corporation for the purchase of 
the steam turbine generator for Unit 6.


“Unit 6” shall mean the Cliffside Unit 6 described in the Recitals, and 
shall include the boiler, turbine and generator set and all associated 
auxiliary and environmental components (including the flue gas 
desulfurization system for Unit 6) necessary to generate and place power 
therefrom on the transmission grid in compliance with all applicable Laws.


“Unit 5 Scrubber” shall mean the new flue gas desulfurization system for 
Owner’s existing Unit 5 at the Owner’s coal-fired steam station in 
Cliffside, North Carolina.


“Unit 5 Scrubber Tie-In” shall mean the process required to connect the 
Unit 5 Scrubber to the interface points of Owner’s existing Unit 5 at 
Owner’s coal-fired steam station in Cliffside, North Carolina in order that 
operation of Unit 5, through the Unit 5 Scrubber, shall meet the Permitted 
Emissions Limits.


“Unit 6 Main Steam Flow Capacity” shall mean the test calculated turbine 
throttle steam flow rate in lbm/hr for Unit 6 during the Performance 
Testing at the test specified operating conditions and corrected to the 
base performance conditions set forth in Exhibit L-2.


“Warranty Period” shall mean, as the context may require, the Services 
Warranty Period or the Equipment Warranty Period, as each may be extended 
from time to time with respect to any Service or Equipment as provided in 
Section 13.3.


“Work” with respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber shall mean, as the 
context may require, either (a) the Equipment and the Services or (b) the 
Equipment or the Services, for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber.
 
2. 	GENERAL PROVISIONS

2.1 Intent of Contract Documents. It is the intent of the Parties that 
Contractor provide the Equipment and perform the Services and all of its 
other obligations under this Agreement for the Contract Price, which shall 
not be increased, except in accordance with Article 8 or as otherwise 
expressly set forth herein.


2.2 Independent Contractor. Contractor shall perform and execute the 
provisions of this Agreement as an independent contractor to Owner and 
shall not in any respect be deemed or act, or hold itself out, as an agent 
of Owner for any purpose or reason whatsoever except as contemplated in 
Section 3.1(a)(ii).
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.3 Subcontracting; Approved Subcontractors.

(a) The Parties have agreed upon the list of approved Subcontractors set 
forth in Exhibit H for the Services and Equipment listed in Exhibit H. 
Contractor shall have the right to have that portion of the Services 
identified in Exhibit H performed by the approved Subcontractor for such 
Service, and the right to purchase Equipment identified in Exhibit H from 
the approved Subcontractor for such Equipment without additional notice to 
or review by Owner.

(b) If, prior to execution of a Subcontract, Owner desires that Contractor 
engage an alternative approved Subcontractor in lieu of the Subcontractor 
that is preferred by Contractor, Owner shall consult in good faith with 
Contractor on the difference in value, if any, between the bid price of the 
Subcontractor desired by Owner and the Subcontractor preferred by 
Contractor, plus any additional impacts to Schedule or warranties 
attributable to selecting the alternative Subcontractor in lieu of the 
preferred Subcontractor. If desired by Owner, Contractor shall engage such 
alternative approved Subcontractor but shall be entitled to a Change Order 
for the schedule, cost, warranty or other impacts in selecting the 
alternative Subcontractor.

(c) If Contractor desires to engage a Subcontractor that is not identified 
in Exhibit H as an approved Subcontractor: (i) to perform any off-Site 
Services or provide any Equipment that exceeds or is expected to exceed, in 
the aggregate with all prior provision of Equipment, ***; or (ii) that will 
be providing Services at the Site (other than the delivery of material or 
Equipment) that exceeds or is expected to exceed, in the aggregate with all 
prior performance of Services or provision of Equipment, *** (hereinafter a 
“Major Subcontractor”), then, before Contractor enters into any contract 
with, or otherwise engages, such Major Subcontractor to perform such 
Services or provide such Equipment, Contractor shall deliver to Owner for 
Owner’s review and approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld 
or delayed) (x) the name of the Major Subcontractor that Contractor 
proposes to use in the performance of such Services or purchase of such 
Equipment, (y) a statement in reasonable detail of the reasons why the 
proposed Major Subcontractor is preferred over any approved Subcontractor 
and (z) the information (and any additional information as Owner may 
reasonably request) on which Contractor is basing its desire to engage such 
Subcontractor. Owner shall have the right to reject any such Major 
Subcontractor; provided that (i) Owner’s rejection shall be reasonable and 
shall occur within ten (10) Business Days after Contractor submits to Owner 
all of the information described in clauses (x), (y) and (z) above and (ii) 
Contractor shall have an alternative Major Subcontractor available to 
perform such Services or provide such Equipment.

(d) Contractor shall not allow any Subcontractor that Owner rejects to 
perform any portion of the Services or provide any of the Equipment. Unless 
otherwise mutually agreed in writing, no contractual relationship shall 
exist between Owner and any Subcontractor with respect to any of the 
Services or the Equipment. Contractor shall be fully responsible for all 
acts, omissions, failures and faults of all Subcontractors as fully as if 
they were the acts, omissions, failures and faults of Contractor. The 
exercise of this right by Contractor to subcontract shall not in any way 
increase the costs, expenses or liabilities of Owner.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2.4 Assignment of Subcontracts. All subcontracts between Contractor and its 
Major Subcontractors shall be in writing and shall, to the extent 
commercially reasonable, contain provisions, which Contractor shall not 
waive, release, modify or impair (a) obligating each Subcontractor that may 
receive access to any Owner Confidential Information, to protect such Owner 
Confidential Information in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement; (b) as applicable, sufficient to ensure that Contractor has the 
right to grant the intellectual property licenses and assignments that are 
granted to Owner herein; (c) giving Contractor an unrestricted right to 
assign the subcontract and all benefits, interests, rights and causes of 
action arising under it to Owner, an Affiliate of Owner, a Financial 
Institution, or an operator of the Facility, as designated by Owner and (d) 
providing that, following a Default by Contractor and a termination of this 
Agreement by Owner, upon receipt by Contractor and Subcontractor of written 
notice from Owner electing same, such subcontract, together with all 
benefits, interests, obligations, rights and causes of action arising 
thereunder, shall be deemed to have been assigned from Contractor to Owner 
effective immediately upon receipt of such notice from Owner without any 
further action required by any party. At the request of Owner, Contractor 
shall provide Owner with copies of all warranties of each Major 
Subcontractor relating to any of the Work, and Contractor shall comply with 
any request by Owner upon the termination of this Agreement pursuant to 
Article 23 or prior to the expiration of the Warranty Period to assign the 
benefit of any Subcontractor warranty to Owner, an Affiliate of Owner, a 
Financial Institution, or an operator of the Facility, as designated by 
Owner; provided that, unless otherwise agreed, Contractor shall not be 
required to assign any rights to claims that Contractor may have against 
such Subcontractor at the time of the assignment of such benefit.


2.5 Interpretation.

(a) Headings. The titles and headings in this Agreement are inserted for 
convenience only and shall not be used for the purposes of construing or 
interpreting this Agreement.

(b) Plural/Singular. Words importing the singular also include the plural 
and vice versa.

(c) References. References to natural persons include Persons. References 
to “Articles” and “Sections” are references to Articles and Sections of 
this Agreement. References to “Exhibits” are references to the Exhibits 
attached to this Agreement, including all attachments to and documents and 
information incorporated therein, and all Exhibits are incorporated into 
this Agreement by reference.

(d) Gender. Words importing one gender include the other gender.

(e) Without Limitation. The words “include” and “including” are not words 
of limitation and shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without 
limitation.”

(f) Amendments. All references in this Agreement to contracts, agreements 
or other documents shall be deemed to mean those contracts, agreements or 
documents as the same may be modified, supplemented or amended from time to 
time; provided, however, that, unless Contractor was a party to such 
modification, supplement or amendment, Contractor shall not be bound by 
such modification, supplement or amendment in its performance of the 
Services or provision of the Equipment until Contractor is notified of and 
agrees to it.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) Industry Meanings. Words and abbreviations not otherwise defined in 
this Agreement which have well-known technical or design, engineering or 
construction industry meanings in United States are used in this Agreement 
in accordance with those recognized meanings.

(h) Agreement. Provisions including the word “agree”, “agreed” or 
“agreement” require the agreement to be recorded in writing.

(i) Written. Provisions including the word “written” or “in writing” mean 
hand-written, type-written, printed or electronically made and resulting in 
a permanent record.

(j) Drafting. Neither Contractor nor Owner shall assert or claim a 
presumption disfavoring the other by virtue of the fact that this Agreement 
was drafted primarily by legal counsel for the other, and this Agreement 
shall be construed as if drafted jointly by Owner and Contractor and no 
presumption or burden of proof will arise favoring or disfavoring any Party 
by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.


2.6 Inclusion; Order of Precedence. This Agreement (excluding the Exhibits) 
and the Exhibits shall be considered complementary, and what is required by 
one shall be binding as if required by all. The Parties shall attempt to 
give effect to all provisions. The failure to list a requirement 
specifically in one document, once that requirement is specifically listed 
in another, shall not imply the inapplicability of that requirement, and 
Contractor shall provide as part of its obligations hereunder all items 
required to conform the Work to the Specifications and the other standards 
in this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement 
(excluding the Exhibits) and the Exhibits, this Agreement (excluding the 
Exhibits) shall control and the conflicting provisions shall be interpreted 
so as to accord with the provisions of this Agreement (excluding the 
Exhibits). Notwithstanding the foregoing, conflicts regarding scope of work 
matters shall be governed by Exhibit A. Later dated amendments, Exhibits or 
Change Orders shall take precedence over earlier dated amendments, Exhibits 
or Change Orders.


2.7 Days. If a payment obligation falls due on a Day other than a Business 
Day, the obligation shall be deemed to be due on the next Business Day.
 
3. 	CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITIES

3.1 Performance of the Services; Commencement of Work.

(a) Performance of the Services.

(i) Scope of Services for Work. With respect to all Work other than Owner 
Equipment, Contractor shall procure, provide and pay for all items and 
services necessary for the proper execution and completion of the Services, 
whether temporary or permanent and whether
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
or not incorporated or to be incorporated into the Work, including all 
procurement, design and engineering services, all installation and 
construction services, administration, management, training and 
coordination, all Commissioning and verification services, and all labor, 
Equipment, construction aids, furnishings, equipment, supplies, insurance 
(other than Owner insurance), permits (other than Owner permits), licenses, 
inspections, storage and transportation, Project Manuals, and all other 
items, facilities and services. Contractor shall design, construct and 
install the Equipment on an engineering and construction basis pursuant to 
this Agreement, including providing all necessary civil, structural, 
mechanical, and electrical engineering services, all control equipment 
necessary for the design, construction and operation of the Equipment, all 
interconnections set forth in the Specifications, and all equipment not 
specifically described in the Specifications which is customary and 
necessary to meet the requirements of the Specifications and the 
Performance Guarantees. Work not specifically delineated in this Section or 
elsewhere shall be performed and provided by Contractor to the extent 
customary and necessary to complete the Project in accordance with Prudent 
Industry Practices. Contractor shall execute the entire Services in a 
manner that will enable Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber to achieve 
Substantial Completion by the Guaranteed Substantial Completion Date for 
Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber and Final Completion of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 
Scrubber by the Guaranteed Final Completion Date for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber.

(ii) Scope of Services for Owner Equipment. Owner shall be responsible for 
procuring, supplying and providing the Owner Equipment by the dates set 
forth in the Schedule. The Owner Equipment shall be provided pursuant to 
the Existing LNTPs (as may be amended or updated) and any other contracts 
between Owner and the suppliers of such Owner Equipment (collectively, the 
“Owner Equipment Contracts”). With respect to such Owner Equipment, the 
Parties hereby agree as follows:

(A) Owner hereby authorizes Contractor to, and Contractor hereby agrees to, 
act as Owner’s agent for the purpose of generally administering the Owner 
Equipment Contracts on behalf of Owner and assuring compliance by Owner and 
suppliers with the terms thereof. Contractor shall perform such services in 
the manner that a reasonably prudent contractor in the pulverized-coal 
construction industry would perform if such contractor, instead of Owner, 
were a party to such Owner Equipment Contracts. Such agency services shall 
include but shall not be limited to reviewing design documents, obtaining 
design interface and delivery schedule information, coordinating and 
expediting delivery of such Owner Equipment, diligently asserting Owner’s 
rights, maintaining appropriate records, providing to Owner any notices 
delivered to Contractor by the supplier of the Owner Equipment, regularly 
updating Owner with respect to the status of the performance of the 
suppliers of the
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Owner Equipment, assisting Owner in pursuing available remedies against the 
suppliers of the Owner Equipment, including assistance to Owner in the 
administration and coordination of warranty claims for such Owner Equipment 
and enforcing the repair, replacement or refurbishment of such Owner 
Equipment as necessary, consulting with Owner with respect to any material 
issues, and attending meetings and otherwise interfacing with the suppliers 
of the Owner Equipment, all as necessary in order to ensure performance by 
the respective suppliers under the Owner Equipment Contracts in accordance 
with the terms and condition set forth in such Owner Equipment Contracts. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Contractor shall have no authority to, and 
shall not, take any of the following actions under or with respect to the 
Owner Equipment Contracts without the prior approval of Owner: (1) consent 
to any change order; (2) agree to or permit any amendment, modification, or 
supplement; (3) waive any of Owner’s rights or the obligations of the 
suppliers of the Owner Equipment; (4) initiate or conduct any litigation or 
other similar proceedings; (5) take any action that would cause a default 
or breach by Owner of an Owner Equipment Contract; or (6) agree to or 
consent to termination or suspension of work or activities thereunder. 
Owner shall provide notice to and consult with Contractor on any 
performance or schedule concerns before making payments to the suppliers of 
the Owner Equipment after the Effective Date.

(B) In addition to the agency services set forth in Section 3.1(a)(ii)(A) 
above, Contractor shall also provide timely review and response to all 
Owner Equipment designs, specifications and drawings, provide all on-site 
storage and transportation, provide on-site administration and 
coordination, provide installation and integration services with respect to 
the Owner Equipment in accordance with the Schedule, perform inspections of 
such Owner Equipment, perform all installation, commissioning testing and 
Performance Testing for all such Owner Equipment, conduct quality 
surveillance and start-up of such Owner Equipment to the extent permitted 
under the Owner Equipment Contracts, coordinate training, incorporate Owner 
Equipment manuals into the Project Manual, and provide other services 
reasonably necessary to install and interconnect such Owner Equipment to 
the Facility as contemplated by Contractor’s Scope of Work.

(C) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Contractor shall have no 
liability to Owner for payment of any performance liquidated damages 
specified within the Owner Equipment Contracts for any shortfall in the 
performance of such Owner Equipment (including failure to meet performance 
guarantees) or for the payment of any delay liquidated damages specified 
within the Owner Equipment Contracts for the late delivery of such Owner 
Equipment. Except to the extent that Contractor’s failure to perform its 
obligations in accordance with this Agreement hereof is the cause of such 
non-performance or schedule delay,
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contractor shall be entitled to a Change Order granting equitable relief 
from any impact on Contractor’s cost or schedule of performance under this 
Agreement attributable to a breach by the suppliers of the Owner Equipment 
of the terms of the Owner Equipment Contracts.

(b) Work Under Limited Notices to Proceed.

(i) From the Effective Date and until such time that Owner issues a Full 
Notice to Proceed with respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber, Owner 
shall from time to time issue Limited Notices to Proceed for Contractor to 
perform certain portions of the Work with respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber as set forth in each such Limited Notice to Proceed. Such portions 
of the Work shall be performed for the price and in the manner set forth in 
such Limited Notice to Proceed. The Parties acknowledge that such agreement 
concerning price and payment terms may be reached as part of, and included 
in, the process of determining the Contract Price pursuant to the Open Book 
Price and Schedule Finalization Process. Each Limited Notice to Proceed 
shall expire upon the earlier of (A) the date set forth in such Limited 
Notice to Proceed for Unit 6 or Unit 5 Scrubber, (B) issuance of the Full 
Notice to Proceed for Unit 6 or Unit 5 Scrubber or (C) termination of this 
Agreement with respect to Unit 6 or Unit 5 Scrubber in accordance with 
Section 23.4(a).

(ii) The Parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the Existing LNTPs were 
issued by Owner prior to the Effective Date. In connection with the 
execution of this Agreement, the Owner hereby retains all of Owner’s 
obligations, rights, and remedies under each Existing LNTP and with respect 
to the Owner Equipment obtained pursuant thereto.

(c) Work After Full Notice to Proceed. Upon the issuance by Owner of the 
Full Notice to Proceed with respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber, such 
notice shall be deemed to be authorization for Contractor to commence the 
remainder of the Work relating to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber on the date 
set forth in such Full Notice to Proceed, which shall continue until such 
Work is completed unless this Agreement is earlier terminated with respect 
to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber in accordance with Section 23.4(a). Owner 
shall issue the Full Notice to Proceed with respect to the Unit 5 Scrubber 
no later than thirty (30) Days after the Effective Date. If Owner fails to 
issue such Full Notice to Proceed by such time, such failure shall 
constitute a Change, with respect to which Article 8 shall apply. In 
addition, the Parties acknowledge that the Schedule sets forth a specific 
date for the anticipated delivery of each Full Notice to Proceed for Unit 
6. The failure by Owner to issue a Full Notice to Proceed by the applicable 
date set forth in the Schedule, as may be revised an updated as part of the 
Open Book Price and Schedule Finalization Process, will constitute a 
Change, with respect to which Article 8 shall apply. After completion of 
the Open Book Price and Schedule Finalization Process, Contractor shall 
perform its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with the agreed 
upon Schedule, as such Schedule may be modified or updated from time to 
time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.2 Professional Standards. Contractor shall perform and complete the 
Services and its other obligations under this Agreement, and all Equipment 
shall be, in accordance with all applicable Laws, this Agreement and 
Prudent Industry Practices. In the event of any conflict between any of the 
authorities in the foregoing sentence, all applicable Laws shall control 
over the terms of this Agreement and Prudent Industry Practices, and the 
terms of this Agreement shall control over Prudent Industry Practices.


3.3 Sufficient Personnel. At all times during the term of this Agreement, 
Contractor shall employ a sufficient number of qualified Persons, who shall 
be licensed if required by applicable Laws, so that Contractor may complete 
the Services and Contractor’s other obligations under this Agreement in an 
efficient, prompt, economical and professional manner and in accordance 
with the Schedule. Without in any way limiting the foregoing, Contractor 
shall, for example, employ a sufficient number of qualified buyers, 
inspectors, and expediters necessary to provide all equipment, materials 
and supplies to be provided by Contractor hereunder in a timely manner 
consistent with the Schedule. Contractor shall provide all technical 
services and supervision for Commissioning and verification. Contractor 
shall also provide all construction services and craft personnel as 
required for system adjustments during Commissioning and verification. 
Owner shall provide and pay for operations and maintenance staff during 
Commissioning and verification.


3.4 Supervision and Discipline. Contractor shall supervise, coordinate and 
direct the Services using Contractor’s best skill, judgment and attention. 
Contractor shall enforce strict discipline and good order among 
Contractor’s employees, Subcontractors’ employees and all other Persons 
carrying out the Services. Contractor shall at all times take all necessary 
precautions to prevent any unlawful or disorderly conduct by or among its 
employees, employees of Subcontractors and other Persons performing the 
Services and for the preservation of the peace and the protection of 
Persons and property at, or in the immediate vicinity of, the Site. 
Contractor shall only permit the employment of Persons who are fit at the 
time they are employed and on each Day they perform the Services, who are 
skilled in the tasks assigned to them, and who are qualified to perform the 
tasks assigned to them. Contractor shall be responsible for labor peace on 
the Site and Contractor shall at all times implement policies and practices 
designed to avoid work stoppages, slowdowns, disputes and strikes where 
reasonably possible and practical under the circumstances.


3.5 Contractor’s Key Personnel. Exhibit G contains a list of Contractor’s 
key personnel who shall be responsible for supervising the performance of 
Contractor’s obligations under this Agreement. That list includes the 
designation of Contractor’s Project Manager and Contractor’s Site 
Representative. Any replacement of the key personnel listed in Exhibit G 
shall be subject to the prior written approval of Owner, which consent 
Owner shall not unreasonably withhold or delay. Contractor’s Project 
Manager shall act as Contractor’s liaison with Owner and shall have the 
authority (a) to administer this Agreement on behalf of Contractor, (b) to 
perform the responsibilities of Contractor under this Agreement, and (c) to 
bind Contractor as to the day-to-day project management operations under 
the Agreement. Contractor’s Site Representative or other Contractor 
supervisory personnel shall be present at the Site at all times when the 
Services are being performed at the Site.


3.6 Design and Engineering. Prior to the Effective Date, Contractor shall 
have scrutinized, and satisfied itself as to the adequacy of, the 
Specifications (including design criteria
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and calculations, if any) for completion of the Project. Contractor shall 
be responsible for the design of the Project and for the accuracy of the 
Specifications. Any data or information received by Contractor, from Owner 
or otherwise, shall not relieve Contractor from its responsibility for the 
design of the Project and execution of the Services. Contractor shall 
engage all supervisors, engineers, designers, draftsmen and other Persons 
necessary for the preparation of all Documentation required for the Work. 
In connection with the Documentation, Contractor shall prepare working 
drawings and specifications setting forth in detail the requirements for 
the construction of the Project in accordance with this Agreement (the “
Design Documents”). Contractor shall submit those Design Documents 
identified in Exhibit A for Owner’s review, and Owner shall complete its 
review of, and provide any comments to Contractor with respect to, the 
Design Documents within ten (10) Days of receiving such Design Documents 
from Contractor (and such Design Documents shall be deemed reviewed without 
comment if Contractor does not receive any comments from Owner within such 
time period). If Owner notifies Contractor that the Design Documents fail 
to comply with this Agreement, Contractor shall correct such Design 
Documents and shall resubmit them for Owner’s prompt review within five (5) 
Business Days in accordance herewith. Owner shall be entitled, but not 
obligated, to review and comment on all other Design Documents not 
identified in Exhibit A. Any review by Owner of any Design Documents 
pursuant to this Section shall not relieve Contractor from any obligation 
or responsibility under this Agreement. If errors, omissions, ambiguities, 
inconsistencies, inadequacies or other defects are found in the Designs 
Documents, they shall be corrected at Contractor’s cost, notwithstanding 
any prior consent or approval of Owner of any such Design Documents.


3.7 Quality Assurance Plan. Contractor shall develop, implement and 
maintain a written plan for quality assurance of the Services (the “
Quality Assurance Plan”). Such plan shall meet the Owner’s corporate and 
Site-specific policies and requirements and the requirements of all 
applicable Laws. Contractor shall deliver the plan to Owner within ninety 
(90) Days after the Effective Date for Owner’s review and comment, and 
Contractor shall thereafter incorporate Owner’s reasonable comments 
therein. Following Owner’s review of and comment to such plan, Contractor 
shall have the right to rely on such plan in performing the Services. 
Contractor shall also require all Subcontractors to establish, implement 
and maintain appropriate quality control and safety programs with respect 
to their respective portions of the Services. Contractor shall provide 
Owner and its employees, agents, representatives and invitees with 
reasonable access to the Work wherever located for observation and 
inspection, including but not limited to auditing of all activities for 
conformance with the requirements of the plan and all requirements of the 
Agreement. Inspections and audits of Contractor’s Subcontractors will be 
coordinated with Contractor.


3.8 Training. Contractor shall develop and implement a program to instruct 
and train Owner’s personnel adequately in accordance with the provisions of 
Exhibit A. Contractor shall deliver to Owner by the date specified in the 
Schedule, substantially complete versions of the Project Manuals that are 
sufficient for Contractor’s use in training Owner’s maintenance and 
operating personnel, and Contractor shall thereafter use the Project 
Manuals to train such Owner personnel.


3.9 Utility Use. Subject to Section 4.5, Contractor shall pay for all 
temporary construction utilities required to perform the Services until the 
latest of the Substantial Completion Dates of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 
Scrubber, including fuel (other than coal fuel used for
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Commissioning, Performance Testing and operation), telephones (other than 
telephones for Owner’s staff), potable water, construction waste disposal, 
and wastewater disposal. After Substantial Completion of Unit 6 and the 
Unit 5 Scrubber, Owner shall become solely responsible for the provision 
and payment thereof.


3.10 Spare Parts. Contractor shall provide the spare parts required for 
Commissioning and start-up of the Equipment and the cost of such spare 
parts shall be contained within the Contract Price. Acting as Owner’s agent 
pursuant to Section 3.1(a)(ii)(A), Contractor shall obtain from each 
supplier of Owner Equipment a recommended list of spare parts required for 
Commissioning and start-up of such Owner Equipment, and Owner shall procure 
and provide such spare parts to Contractor approximately sixty (60) Days 
prior to start-up of any such Owner Equipment. Upon Owner’s request and 
acting as Owner’s agent pursuant to Section 3.1(a)(ii)(A), Contractor shall 
use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain from each supplier of 
Equipment and Owner Equipment at least two hundred and seventy (270) Days 
prior to Substantial Completion a list of recommended spare parts for such 
Equipment and Owner Equipment for the ongoing operation and maintenance of 
the Project. The Contractor shall request such spare parts list to include: 
(1) name of manufacturer, (2) manufacturer’s description of spare part, (3) 
The manufacturer’s part number, (4) required quantities, (5) lead time, and 
(6) price. The cost for procurement of such additional recommended spare 
parts shall not be included in the Contract Price. The parties shall 
mutually determine the process for procuring and providing such additional 
spare parts. Owner shall make available at no cost for Contractor to 
utilize during start-up and testing, all spare parts acquired by Owner for 
the Equipment and Owner Equipment, subject to Contractor’s commitment to 
replace promptly at its cost spare parts of an equal or greater quality.


3.11 Subcontractor Presence. Contractor shall be responsible for notifying 
and paying any Subcontractor representative that it deems necessary to be 
present for technical assistance at (a) any training session, (b) erection 
supervision, (c) Commissioning, or (d) the Performance Testing. Similarly, 
Owner, at its cost, shall ensure that an adequate number of qualified 
representatives from those suppliers supplying Owner Equipment are present 
for technical assistance at the same events.


3.12 Current Records; Record Drawings. Contractor shall maintain in good 
order and make available to Owner, for inspection at the Site at all times, 
at least one record copy of the Documentation marked currently to record 
material changes made during construction. Before, and as a condition to, 
Final Completion of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, Contractor shall 
deliver to Owner all of the preceding items and a set of reproducible of 
those as-built drawings listed in Exhibit A (in hard copy and electronic 
formats (non-native files) reasonably requested by Owner), showing all 
Changes made during construction with respect to Unit 6 and the Unit 5 
Scrubber.


3.13 Transportation Costs. Contractor shall arrange and pay for all 
transportation, storage and transfer costs incurred in connection with the 
Work, except for the transportation and storage costs attributable to Owner 
Equipment, which transportation and storage costs shall be paid by Owner.


3.14 Project Manuals. Contractor shall deliver to Owner the first draft of 
the Project Manuals no less than one hundred and eighty (180) Days prior to 
Substantial Completion of Unit
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber in accordance with the requirements of this 
Agreement, with such first draft containing sufficient operational and 
technical information to allow Owner to develop Facility operating and 
maintenance procedures in order for Contractor to provide operator 
training. Contractor shall deliver to Owner the final draft of the Project 
Manuals, in both hard copy and electronic format, prior to Final Completion 
of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber.


3.15 Control of Work. Contractor shall control and be solely responsible 
for all construction means, methods, techniques, sequences, procedures, 
safety and quality assurance, and quality control programs in connection 
with the performance of the Services. Contractor, as part of the 
construction indirects in Exhibit I shall provide all necessary security at 
that portion of the Site under Contractor’s care, custody and control for 
the construction Work, including, without limitation, a suitable fence 
around such portion of the Site, and the prohibition and prevention of 
access and entrance to such portion of the Site by all unnecessary and 
unauthorized Persons. Contractor shall strictly control the admission of 
Persons to such portion of the Site and no such Person (other than the 
employees, officers or directors of the Parties or their Affiliates) who is 
not required for the performance or supervision of the Services shall be 
admitted without the prior approval of Owner (such approval not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed). From Substantial Completion through 
Final Completion of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, ***.


3.16 Emergencies. In the event of any emergency endangering life or 
property, Contractor shall take all actions as may be reasonable and 
necessary to prevent, avoid or mitigate injury, damage or loss and shall 
promptly report each such emergency, and Contractor’s responses thereto, to 
Owner.


3.17 Local Conditions; Inspection of Interface Points.

(a) Contractor has reviewed the Site and the access to the Site, all as 
described in Exhibit B, and acknowledges that they are sufficient for the 
performance of the Services. Contractor represents and warrants that it has 
taken all steps necessary to ascertain the nature and location of the 
Services and that it has investigated and satisfied itself as to the 
general and local conditions that can affect the Project, the Site or the 
performance of the Services, including: (a) conditions bearing on access, 
egress, transportation, waste disposal, handling, lay down, parking and 
storage of materials; (b) the availability of labor, water, electric power, 
other utilities and roads needed for construction; (c) uncertainties of 
normal weather or other observable physical conditions at the Site; and (d) 
the character of equipment and facilities needed before and during the 
performance of the Services. If Contractor has taken all reasonable steps 
as described in this Section, then, notwithstanding Article 9, Contractor 
shall be entitled to an adjustment in the Contract Price or Schedule for 
any differing Site conditions.

(b) Contractor has inspected the various interface points on the Owner’s 
existing systems, each of which is identified on Exhibit A, and has 
satisfied itself that such interface points are sufficient and adequate for 
the performance and completion of the Services. Contractor represents that 
it has taken all prudent and commercially reasonable steps necessary to 
ascertain the nature and location of the interface points and
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
has satisfied itself as to their sufficiency and adequacy, except for the 
tie-in ducts which are scheduled for inspection during the outage for Unit 
5 Scrubber Tie-In. In the event that Contractor discovers a differing 
interface point condition that affects the Services during the performance 
of the Services, Contractor shall not be entitled to an adjustment in the 
Contract Price pursuant to a Change in accordance with Article 8 to the 
extent such differing condition could have been observed or discovered in a 
visual inspection of the applicable interface points, otherwise Contractor 
shall be entitled to a Change Order.


3.18 Use of Site: Owner Access. Contractor shall confine its operations at 
the Site to areas permitted by applicable Laws, this Agreement and the 
Exhibits hereto. Contractor shall prepare, implement and enforce written 
Site rules necessary for the safe, efficient and proper prosecution of the 
Work. Those rules shall, at a minimum, comply with the Owner Environmental 
Health and Safety manual and all applicable Laws. Contractor shall provide 
Owner, the Financial Institutions and their respective employees, agents, 
representatives and invitees with reasonable access to the Work wherever 
located for observation and inspection; provided, that Contractor may 
provide, and Owner and the Financial Institutions shall accept, an escort 
or other safety measures that Contractor, in its sole discretion acting 
reasonably, deems necessary or advisable. Contractor shall provide Owner 
with office facilities on the Site which shall be outfitted in a customary 
manner (including a conference room) as more fully described in Exhibit A. 
Those office facilities shall be connected to and serviced by the usual 
utilities, subject to Sections 3.9 and 4.5. Owner shall have the right to 
assign a maximum of five dedicated representatives to Contractor’s facility 
on a full time basis.


3.19 Compliance With Laws. Contractor shall comply, and shall cause all 
Subcontractors to comply, with all applicable Laws and Change Orders that 
relate to Changes in Law relating to the Work or the Project, and 
Contractor shall give all applicable notices with respect to, and in 
accordance with, any applicable Laws. Contractor shall ensure that the 
Project, as designed and constructed, complies, and, when operated in 
accordance with Prudent Industry Practices, shall comply with all 
applicable Laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, or anything else in this 
Agreement to the contrary, Contractor’s obligation with respect to water, 
air and other emissions of the Project shall be limited to the requirements 
set forth in the Specifications. If not otherwise exempted by Title 48 and 
to the extent applicable, Contractor will make a good faith effort to 
comply with 48 CFR §52.219-8, Utilization of Small, Small Disadvantaged, 
and Women-Owned Small Business Concerns, and 48 CFR §52.219-9, Small, Small 
Disadvantaged, and Women-Owned Small Business Subcontracting Plan.


3.20 Permits and Approvals. Contractor shall be responsible for obtaining, 
renewing and maintaining all permits, licenses, approvals and 
certifications customary and necessary for Contractor to demolish, Site 
prepare, engineer, detail, fabricate, furnish, deliver, unload, store, 
erect, install, commission (but only those permits exclusively used for 
commissioning) and inspect the Work, all as described in Exhibit D 
(collectively, the “Contractor Permits”). At least three (3) Days prior to 
application for any of those items that are Site-specific and relate to 
Site activities, Contractor shall give to Owner a copy of such application. 
If Owner objects to such application, Contractor shall not proceed with 
such application and the Parties shall discuss and agree upon a mutually 
acceptable method to achieve compliance with such requirements; provided, 
that Contractor shall be entitled to a Change to the extent such delay in 
submitting the application impacts the Contract Price or the Schedule. 
Contractor shall provide reasonable assistance and documents to Owner in 
connection with Owner’s efforts to obtain the Owner
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Permits. Contractor represents that, to the best of its knowledge, the 
Contractor Permits listed in Exhibit D are the customary permits, approvals 
and certifications required to be obtained by Contractor for its 
performance of the Services. Upon Contractor’s request, Owner shall provide 
Contractor reasonable cooperation and assistance in obtaining and 
maintaining Contractor Permits.


3.21 Periodic Reports and Meetings.

(a) Status Report. Within ten (10) Business Days after the end of each 
calendar month after Owner gives Contractor a Limited Notice to Proceed, or 
if none is given, a Full Notice to Proceed, Contractor shall prepare and 
submit to Owner a written status report covering the previous calendar 
month, which report shall be prepared in a manner and format (hard copy and 
electronic) reasonably acceptable to Owner and shall include (i) a detailed 
description of the progress of the Work, including an up-to-date Work 
Schedule depicting all critical path activities and Key Schedule Milestones 
and illustrating the progress which has been made against such activities 
and Key Schedule Milestones, (ii) if the description of the progress of the 
Work indicates that the Work does not comply with the Schedule, a brief 
description of the steps and actions that Contractor proposes to take in 
order to comply with the Schedule, (iii) a comparison of the actual amounts 
paid or payable by Owner through the end of the previous calendar month for 
the Work completed by Contractor compared to the forecasted amounts payable 
for such Work as set forth in the Cash Flow Plan (including in each of the 
Milestone Payment Schedule and the Craft Labor Cost plan), (iv) a Craft 
Labor Cost Comparison for the actual Craft Labor Costs incurred by 
Contractor in performing the Work through the end of the previous calendar 
month, (v) a statement of any significant issues which remain unresolved 
and Contractor’s recommendations for resolving the same, (vi) a summary of 
any significant Project events which are scheduled or expected to occur 
during the following thirty (30) Days, and (vii) all additional information 
reasonably requested by Owner (the “Monthly Progress Report”).

(b) Attendance and Participation. From the issuance of the first Full 
Notice to Proceed issued hereunder until the latest of the Final Completion 
Dates of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, Contractor shall attend and 
participate in regular meetings with Owner which shall occur monthly (or 
upon such other interval as the Parties agree in writing) for the purpose 
of discussing the status of the Work and anticipating and resolving any 
problems (“Progress Meetings”). The Progress Meetings may also include, at 
the request of Owner, the Financial Institutions, consultants and other 
Persons. Contractor shall prepare and promptly deliver to Owner written 
minutes of each meeting; provided, that the publication or distribution of 
such minutes shall not constitute a permitted basis for providing notice, 
or otherwise asserting claims, under this Agreement by any Party. No 
implication whatsoever shall be drawn as consequence of a failure by any 
Party to comment on or object to any minutes prepared or distributed by 
Contractor. Unless otherwise mutually agreed, Contractor’s Site 
Representative shall attend all Progress Meetings after Contractor 
mobilizes to the Site. In addition to the above monthly Progress Meetings, 
Contractor shall hold regularly scheduled (but not less frequently than 
weekly during construction) status or scheduling meetings with its 
Subcontractors as appropriate, and Owner shall have the right but not the 
obligation to attend and participate in such weekly status meetings; 
provided, that, if Contractor determines in its
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
reasonable discretion that Owner’s attendance at the meeting would prohibit 
Contractor from effectively addressing confidential or sensitive issues, 
Contractor shall have the right to bar Owner from all or a portion of such 
meetings.


3.22 Signage. Neither Contractor nor its Subcontractors shall display, 
install, erect or maintain any advertising or other signage at the Site 
without Owner’s prior written approval, other than signs and notices 
required by applicable Laws, related safety or work rules, site 
identification, or used to solicit employees for the performance of the 
Services.


3.23 Interference with Traffic. Contractor shall carry out the Services so 
as not to interfere unnecessarily or improperly with (a) Owner’s operations 
on the Site (after Owner has assumed custody and control of the Project) or 
(b) access to, use of or occupation of public or private roads, footpaths 
or properties in the possession of Owner or any other Person. Contractor 
shall communicate with, and ascertain the requirements of, all Government 
Authorities in relation to vehicular access to and egress from the Site and 
shall comply with any such requirements. Contractor shall be deemed to have 
satisfied itself as to, and shall be fully responsible for, the routing for 
delivery of heavy or large loads to the Site so as to satisfy any 
requirements of Government Authorities with respect thereto.


3.24 Supply of Water and Disposal of Sewage. Contractor shall provide, 
within the Site, an adequate supply of drinking and other water for the use 
of those Persons working on the Site. Contractor shall dispose of, either 
off-Site or through the Facility’s septic system or other approved method, 
all on-Site sewage effluent during performance of the Services.


3.25 Housekeeping. At all times during the term of this Agreement, 
Contractor shall keep the Site and surrounding area adjacent to where the 
Services are actually being performed, free from waste materials, 
equipment, rubbish, debris and other garbage, and liquid and non-liquid 
materials whether spilled, dropped, discharged, blown out or leaked. 
Contractor shall employ adequate dust control measures. To the extent 
practicable, Contractor and all Subcontractors shall utilize reasonable 
waste reduction and recycling techniques at the Site. Before the latest of 
the Final Completion Dates of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, Contractor 
shall remove from the Site all tools, trailers, surplus and waste 
materials, and rubbish, and shall otherwise leave the Project and the Site 
in a neat and clean condition. With respect to all buildings on the Site, 
Contractor shall clean all glass (inside and out), remove all paint spots 
and other smears, stains or scuff marks, clean all plumbing and lighting 
fixtures, and clean all concrete, tile and finished floors. If Contractor 
fails to perform such housekeeping services, Owner, following notice and a 
reasonable opportunity for Contractor to cure, may perform such services, 
and Contractor shall reimburse Owner for all costs incurred in connection 
therewith.
 
4. 	OWNER RESPONSIBILITIES

Owner shall perform the responsibilities set forth in this Article at its 
own expense and at those reasonable times as may be required by Contractor 
for the successful completion of the Work in accordance with the Schedule.


4.1 Owner’s Representative. Owner shall appoint Owner’s Project Director 
with whom Contractor may consult at all reasonable times, and whose 
instructions, requests and decisions shall be binding upon Owner as to all 
matters pertaining to this Agreement and the performance
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of the Parties under this Agreement; provided, that no amendment or 
modification of this Agreement shall be effected except by an Amendment, 
and no Change shall be effected except as provided in Article 8.


4.2 Access. From the time of the issuance of the first Full Notice to 
Proceed hereunder until the latest of the Substantial Completion Dates of 
Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, Owner shall provide Contractor, at no 
additional cost to Contractor, unrestricted right of access to such portion 
of the Site as Contractor may reasonably require for the construction of 
the Project and for Contractor’s office, warehouse, shop buildings, welding 
facilities, Contractor’s equipment storage, lay down area, and employee 
parking. Owner shall cooperate with Contractor so as to minimize disruption 
by Owner of Contractor’s performance of the Services. After Substantial 
Completion of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber and Owner takes over care, 
custody and control of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber, Owner shall allow 
Contractor reasonable access to the applicable portion of the Site in order 
to achieve Final Completion of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber.


4.3 Permits. Owner shall be responsible for obtaining, renewing and 
maintaining the permits, licenses, approvals and certifications necessary 
for the operation, maintenance, use and ownership of the Facility, 
including the permits listed in Exhibit E (collectively, the “Owner Permits
”). Contractor shall provide Owner with all reasonably necessary 
information, documents, data, criteria and performance characteristics of 
the Project requested or required by Owner to assist Owner in obtaining 
Owner Permits.


4.4 Owner Equipment. Owner shall procure and provide Owner Equipment by the 
dates set forth in the Schedule in order to prevent delay. Except to the 
extent that Contractor’s failure to perform its obligations in accordance 
with this Agreement hereof is the cause of such non-performance or schedule 
delay, any impact to Contractor from the delay (or re-sequence) in delivery 
or performance of Owner Equipment shall give rise to a Change.


4.5 Fuel and Utilities. Owner shall provide, at no cost to Contractor, the 
electrical interconnect for power export from the Facility at the 
interconnection points identified in Exhibit A, all electrical power 
necessary for construction of the Project (including back feed power) and 
all fuel, electricity and other utilities necessary for Commissioning and 
Performance Testing when requested by Contractor and as required in 
accordance with the Schedule. Commencing on each of the Substantial 
Completion Dates of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, Owner shall be 
responsible for permanent utilities, lubricants, consumables, chemicals and 
other necessary fuels for the operation of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber, 
as applicable.


4.6 Operation and Maintenance Staff. At least one year prior to Substantial 
Completion of Unit 6 and at least six months prior to Substantial 
Completion of the Unit 5 Scrubber, Owner shall provide, under the direction 
of Contractor through Substantial Completion of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber but at no cost to Contractor, the complement of qualified 
operation and maintenance personnel for Commissioning, Performance Testing 
and operation of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber; provided, that such action 
by Owner in connection with Commissioning, Performance Testing and 
operation of the Project shall not, in any way, modify or relieve 
Contractor from its obligations or void any warranties under this 
Agreement.
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.7 Job Site Rules. From the Effective Date until the latest of the 
Substantial Completion Dates of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, Owner, its 
representatives and agents shall abide by all reasonable Site safety rules 
promulgated by Contractor.


4.8 Payment. Owner shall pay Contractor the Contract Price, as such price 
may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the provisions of this 
Agreement. Owner shall make all payments promptly when due.
 
5. 	EQUIPMENT AND WORKMANSHIP

5.1 Quality of Equipment and Workmanship. All Equipment and workmanship 
shall be of the respective kinds required by this Agreement, including 
those required by the Specifications and Prudent Industry Practices and 
shall be subjected from time to time to such tests as Owner may reasonably 
require at the place of manufacture, fabrication or preparation, or at the 
Site or at such other place or places as may be mutually agreed upon by the 
Parties, including any place of an independent third party. Contractor 
shall provide such assistance, labor, stores, apparatus and instruments as 
are normally required for examining, measuring and testing any Equipment 
and Owner Equipment (other than specialty tools as listed in Owner 
Equipment Contracts) and workmanship, before incorporation into the 
Project, for testing as may be reasonably selected and required by Owner. 
Contractor shall remove from the Site any Equipment that is not in 
accordance with this Agreement.


5.2 Cost of Tests.

(a) The cost of conducting any test related to the Work shall be borne by 
Contractor unless such test is clearly intended by or provided for in this 
Agreement as being the responsibility of Owner If the results of such test 
indicate that the Equipment or the workmanship do not conform to the 
requirements of this Agreement (including the Specifications and Prudent 
Industry Practices), the costs shall be borne solely by Contractor.

(b) If the results of any such test indicate that the applicable Equipment 
or workmanship do not conform to the requirements of this Agreement 
(including the Specifications) and Owner has reasonable grounds to suspect 
that any other similar Equipment or workmanship may not conform to the 
requirements of this Agreement (including the Specifications), Owner may 
require Contractor to carry out further tests, which in the reasonable 
opinion of Owner are necessary to verify that such other similar Equipment 
or workmanship conforms to the requirements of this Agreement (including 
the Specifications). The costs of any such tests shall be borne by Owner if 
such tests reveal that such Equipment and workmanship conforms to the 
requirements of this Agreement (including the Specifications).


5.3 Samples. At the reasonable request of Owner and at Owner’s cost, 
Contractor shall supply Owner with samples of Equipment (for which samples 
can reasonably be provided). The manufacturer’s standard samples (with 
relevant information) and any additional samples shall be labeled as to 
origin and intended use in the Project.
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.4 Inspection of Operations. Owner (and its representatives) shall at all 
reasonable times have access to the Site and to all workshops and places 
where Equipment or Owner Equipment is being manufactured, fabricated or 
prepared for the Project. Contractor shall provide Owner a reasonable 
opportunity to be present for any tests of any Equipment or Owner 
Equipment.


5.5 Examination of Work before Covering. No part of the Equipment or Owner 
Equipment, as applicable, shall be permanently covered up at the Site or 
put out of view without affording Owner a reasonable opportunity to examine 
and measure any such part of the Equipment or Owner Equipment, as 
applicable, which is about to be covered up or put out of view, including 
examining foundations before any part of the Equipment or Owner Equipment, 
as applicable, is placed thereon. For certain agreed parts of the Work as 
set forth in Exhibit A, Contractor shall give notice to Owner whenever any 
such part of the Equipment or Owner Equipment, as applicable, or 
foundations is or are ready or about to be ready for examination and Owner 
shall, without unreasonable delay, attend (or inform Contractor that it is 
unnecessary for it to attend) for the purpose of examining and measuring 
such part of the Equipment or Owner Equipment, as applicable, or of 
examining such foundations.


5.6 Uncovering and Making Openings. If, following discovery of defective 
workmanship or materials in any part of the Work, Owner has reasonable 
grounds to suspect that further parts of the Work may be similarly 
defective, Contractor shall, upon the reasonable request of Owner, provide 
Owner clear evidence that such other parts are not defective to the 
reasonable satisfaction of Owner or shall uncover such further parts of the 
Work or make further openings, in or through the same, and Contractor shall 
inspect and repair, if necessary, any such parts. The costs of such work 
carried out by Contractor under this Section shall be borne by Contractor, 
unless the parts of the Work so uncovered turn out to be not defective in 
which case Owner shall bear all such costs.
 
6. 	SCHEDULE & CONTRACT PRICE

6.1 ***
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.2 Commencement of Work for Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber. For Unit 6 and 
Unit 5 Scrubber, Contractor shall commence the performance of the Services 
with respect thereto upon the receipt of the Limited Notice to Proceed with 
respect to Unit 6 and Unit 5 Scrubber, or, if none is given, upon the Full 
Notice to Proceed with respect to Unit 6 and Unit 5 Scrubber, and 
continuously and diligently fulfill its obligations under this Agreement 
through the Warranty Period. For Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, Contractor 
shall perform its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with the 
Contract Price for Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber as set forth on Exhibit I 
and with the Key Schedule Milestones set forth in Exhibit C, as such may be 
modified and updated from time to time in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement. Contractor hereby acknowledges and agrees that a portion of the 
Work for the Unit 5 Scrubber and Unit 6 includes: (a) Work performed under 
the ***, which Work has already been paid by Owner under the ***, and (b) 
Work performed under Duke purchase order FHP01564, which Work has already 
been paid by Owner under such purchase order (but is included as part of 
the Contract Price).


6.3 ***. Each Party shall, in good faith, cooperate with the other and use 
all commercially reasonable efforts to expeditiously update, in accordance 
with the *** as described in Exhibit I, ***.


6.4 Finalization of Schedule. The Parties shall, in good faith, cooperate 
with the other and use all commercially reasonable efforts to expeditiously 
update, in accordance with the *** as described in Exhibit I, the 
Preliminary Schedule for Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, respectively, ***. 
Upon the issuance of the Full Notice to Proceed for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber, Contractor shall prepare and make available to Owner at all times 
at the Site, or such other location mutually agreed upon by the Parties, a 
current, working copy of the Schedule depicting all Key Schedule Milestones 
and illustrating the progress which has been made on the Work against the 
Schedule (in hard copy and electronic format), including critical path 
activities interconnected by schedule logics, for Owner’s review and 
comment. Unless otherwise mutually agreed upon by the Parties, Contractor 
shall update the working copy of the Schedule monthly and shall provide a 
copy to Owner at the Progress Meeting; provided, however, that no update of 
or revisions to the working copy of the Schedule shall be deemed to alter, 
revise or otherwise change any of the Guaranteed Substantial Completion 
Dates, the Guaranteed Final Completion Dates, the Guaranteed Tie-in 
Commencement Date or the Guaranteed Tie-In Completion Date, which shall 
only be amended by a duly executed Change Order or amendment hereto.
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.5 Enhanced Project Management System. At any time following the 
finalization of the Schedule, in the event that Contractor’s Monthly 
Progress Report indicates that Contractor is unlikely to meet either the 
Guaranteed Substantial Completion Date or any Key Schedule Milestone 
identified on Exhibit C with respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber, 
Contractor shall promptly notify Owner in writing thereof, and the Parties 
shall consult in good faith as to what measures need to be undertaken to 
regain lost time. If Contractor’s progress on any Key Schedule Milestone 
set forth in the Schedule is, or forecasted to be, delayed by ninety (90) 
days or more as compared to the Schedule, and until Contractor’s progress 
on such Milestone complies with the Schedule, at the request of Owner, 
Contractor shall, without increase to the Contract Price, establish and 
submit to Owner a comprehensive acceleration plan to regain compliance with 
the Schedule. The Parties shall consult in good faith to determine what 
measures to include in such comprehensive acceleration plan. Such plan 
shall be subject to the approval of Owner, which approval shall not be 
unreasonably withheld. Following such approval by Owner, Contractor shall 
promptly implement such plan. Unless the underlying cause for such delay 
constitutes a Change, neither the preparation nor the implementation of 
such plan shall constitute a Change.


6.6 Unit 5 Scrubber Tie-In. Contractor shall perform Unit 5 Scrubber Tie-In 
in accordance with the Guaranteed Tie-In Commencement Date and Guaranteed 
Tie-In Completion Date, both as may be adjusted in accordance with Exhibit 
I. Owner shall have the right to make adjustments to such outage schedule, 
including delaying or accelerating the Guaranteed Tie-In Commencement Date 
or the Guaranteed Tie-In Completion Date; provided, that as a result of any 
such adjustment, Contractor shall be entitled to an equitable adjustment in 
the Contract Price and the Schedule in accordance with Article 8. *** (or 
longer if Contractor is entitled to a Change upon inspection of the tie-in 
ducts which reveals differing conditions) to such portion of the Site as 
Contractor may reasonably require to perform the Work during the outage for 
Unit 5 Scrubber Tie-In.
 
7. 	COMPENSATION AND PAYMENT

7.1 Cash Flow Plan. *** as Exhibit F-1 ***. In connection with and as part 
of the ***, the Contractor shall update and revise the Cash Flow Plan in 
accordance with Exhibit I. On or before the ***, Owner shall issue a Change 
Order to capture all of the updates made to the Cash Flow Plan pursuant to 
Exhibit I, and an updated Cash Flow Plan shall be attached to this 
Agreement as Exhibit F.


7.2 Payments of the Contract Price.

(a) Payments.

(i) In consideration of Contractor’s performance and provision of the Work 
as specified in this Agreement, Contractor shall invoice and
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Owner shall pay to Contractor that portion of the Contract Price (a “
Milestone Payment”) of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber assigned to each 
milestone set forth in Exhibit F-1 (a “Milestone”) that Contractor 
completes in accordance with this Agreement. Owner and Contractor agree 
that each Milestone Payment is a reasonable representation of the value of 
the related Milestone.

(ii) Upon completion of each Milestone, irrespective of sequence, for which 
Contractor has not been previously paid, Contractor shall submit to Owner 
an invoice for the Milestone Payment with respect to such Milestone (the “
Invoice”). *** Contractor shall make available such documentation and 
materials as Owner may reasonably require to substantiate Contractor’s 
right to payment of such Invoice.

(iii) If at any time the *** contained within any Monthly Progress Report 
indicates that the actual *** incurred by Contractor in performing the Work 
exceeds the *** (the amount of such excess, the “***”), then the Parties 
shall share in such *** as provided in Section 7.2(b) below. If, at the 
latest of the Final Completion of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, the *** 
contained within the final Monthly Progress Report indicates that the 
actual *** incurred by Contractor in performing the Work is less than the 
*** (the amount of such shortage, the “***”), then the Parties shall share 
in such *** as provided in Section 7.2(b) below.

(b) ***.

(i) ***.

(A) Owner shall pay *** of all *** incurred by Contractor in performing the 
Work until such time as the *** incurred by Contractor in performing the 
Work reaches the ***.
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(B) At such time as *** incurred by Contractor in performing the Work 
reaches the ***, Owner thereafter shall pay *** of all *** incurred by 
Contractor in performing the Work in excess of the *** until such time as 
the *** portion of the *** to be borne by Contractor in performing the Work 
reaches the ***.

(C) At such time as the *** share of the *** to be borne by Contractor in 
performing the Work reaches the ***, Owner shall thereafter pay *** of all 
further *** incurred by Contractor thereafter in performing the Work in 
excess of the ***, but without contingency, fee or G&A.

(D) Notwithstanding the above or anything else in this Agreement to the 
contrary, the Contractor’s total liability for all *** shall be capped at 
the ***.

(ii) ***. If, at the latest of the Final Completion of Unit 6 and the Unit 
5 Scrubber, the Craft Labor Cost Comparison contained within the final 
Monthly Progress Report for the Project indicates the existence of a ***, 
then Owner shall be required to pay to Contractor, as part of the 
applicable Final Payment Invoice, an amount equal to *** of such ***.

(iii) Change Orders. Concurrently with the payment by Owner of any *** 
payment, Owner shall issue a Change Order, and Contractor shall accept such 
Change Order, (a) to increase the Contract Price for Unit 6 and Unit 5 
Scrubber by the amount of such payment, with such increases to be allocated 
proportionally between Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber in the same ratio as 
the craft labor hours allocable to each scope of Work, and (b) to adjust 
the Target Labor Cash Flow Plan set forth in Exhibit F-2 to reflect the 
existence of a ***. Concurrently with the payment by Owner of any *** 
payment, Owner shall issue a Change Order to decrease the Contract Price 
for Unit 6 and Unit 5 Scrubber by the amount of such payment, with such 
decreases to be allocated proportionally between Unit 6 and the Unit 5 
Scrubber in the same ratio as the craft labor hours allocable to each scope 
of Work.

(c) Revisions to Cash Flow Plan. If any Monthly Progress Report shows that 
the amount actually paid or payable by Owner for *** incurred by Contractor 
in performing the Work through the end of the month for which such Monthly 
Progress Report relates varies by more than *** in each of two consecutive 
Monthly Progress Reports from the amounts scheduled to be paid for
 
36

------------------------------------------------------------------------
*** during such two month period as reflected in the ***, prior to the 
issuance of the next Invoice, Contractor shall create a revised forecast of 
future payments to be made by Owner for the *** to be incurred by 
Contractor in performing the Work for the Project (it being understood that 
the intent of such revised forecast shall be to make adjustments necessary 
to eliminate such variance), which revised forecast shall be reasonably 
acceptable to Owner, and Owner shall issue a Change Order to amend the *** 
plan to reflect such revised forecast; provided, that such revised forecast 
shall not result in any adjustment to the Contract Price except when the 
true-up shows that the actual *** exceed the ***.

(d) True Up of Contract Price.

(i) As the *** or in situations in which the actual costs for such Work 
either: (a) shows a variance (increase or decrease) as compared to *** for 
such Work as reflected in Exhibit I, or (b) such Work is completed and the 
actual, final price differs from the *** for such Work as reflected in 
Exhibit I, as applicable, Owner shall issue a Change Order to adjust the 
Contract Price. As a result of such Change Order, Contractor shall issue 
either a debit or credit, as applicable, to its subsequent monthly 
Invoice(s) to reflect any change in Contract Price pursuant to such Change 
Order, unless the Parties mutually agree to allocate the impact of such 
Change Order through a revision and reforecast to future Milestone Payments 
in the Milestone Payment Schedule in Exhibit F-1.

(ii) If a *** plan set forth in Exhibit F-2 shows a variance (either above 
or below) in *** as compared to the *** plan set forth in Exhibit F-2 for 
such date, Contractor shall issue either a debit or credit, as applicable, 
to its next monthly Invoice to reflect the variance between the *** plan. 
Such adjustment shall not be a Change or entitle Contractor to a Change 
Order, except the *** plan may be adjusted to the extent such variance 
affects the *** plan set forth in Exhibit F-2.


7.3 Invoicing and Payments.

(a) If any Invoice is deficient in any material respect, Contractor shall 
be required to resubmit that Invoice in proper form; provided, however, 
that Owner shall pay any portion of it that is not deficient or subject to 
dispute. Owner shall review each Invoice and shall endeavor to make 
exceptions, if any, by providing Contractor with written notice fifteen 
(15) Days after Owner receives the Invoice and such substantiating 
documentation and materials as Owner may have reasonably required. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Article to the contrary, the failure of 
Owner to raise an exception shall not preclude Owner from subsequently 
seeking, and Contractor from paying, a refund of any amounts to which 
Contractor was not entitled under this Agreement, and Owner may,
 
37

------------------------------------------------------------------------
by any payment pursuant to Section 7.3(b) below, make any correction or 
modification that should properly be made to any amount previously 
considered due.

(b) If Owner provides no exceptions within such time period, Owner shall 
pay Contractor, within thirty (30) Days of receipt of the Invoice and such 
substantiating documentation and materials as Owner may have reasonably 
required, in U.S. dollars the amounts designated in such Invoice, plus any 
additions and less any deductions which may have become due under this 
Agreement, as reflected in the Invoice. Any amount of an Invoice that Owner 
disputes shall be resolved promptly in accordance with Article 28. Once the 
dispute is resolved, Owner or Contractor, as applicable, shall pay any 
amount owing promptly after the date of the final resolution. If for any 
reason Owner fails to pay Contractor for all sums due and owing (other than 
sums that are the subject of a good faith dispute or permitted to be 
withheld pursuant to this Section 7.3(b)) within thirty (30) Days after 
receipt of a substantiated Invoice which complies with the requirements of 
this Article, a late payment charge shall accrue that is based on an annual 
percentage rate (APR) equal to the Prime Interest Rate plus one percentage 
point (1%), payable each month or portion thereof that payment is delayed 
beyond such 30th Day.

(c) If any Services performed or Equipment supplied by Contractor is not in 
accordance with this Agreement, Owner may withhold from any Invoice the 
cost of rectification or replacement until such rectification or 
replacement has been completed, and, if Contractor is failing to perform 
any Services or provide any Equipment in accordance with this Agreement and 
Owner has so notified Contractor in writing, Owner may withhold the 
estimated value of such Work until it has been performed or provided in 
accordance with this Agreement.


7.4 Cash Flow.

(a) The Parties acknowledge and agree that, in arranging for financing for 
the Project and in managing its cash flow, Owner is relying on all 
Milestone Payments to be made in accordance with the Cash Flow in Exhibit F 
and that any significant excess over the amounts set forth in the Cash Flow 
Plan would adversely affect Owner’s ability to manage its cash flow. 
Accordingly and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 
(but subject to the last sentence of Section 7.4(b) below), unless 
otherwise mutually agreed in writing, Contractor shall not submit and Owner 
shall not be obligated to pay any Invoice with respect to Unit 6 or the 
Unit 5 Scrubber that would otherwise be due and payable in any given 
calendar month, calendar quarter or calendar year to the extent that such 
Invoice, together with all other Invoices issued during such calendar 
month, calendar quarter or calendar year, as applicable, exceeds the Cash 
Flow Plan for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber, unless otherwise agreed to in 
writing by Owner, except that Owner shall pay all actual *** anytime when 
trued-up notwithstanding the Cash Flow Plan. Contractor shall not be 
entitled to any interest or late payment charge with respect to any amount 
that cannot be billed and is carried forward pursuant to this Section.

(b) The Parties acknowledge that nothing in this Section limits, and the 
Parties shall not construe this Section as limiting, Contractor’s ability 
to accelerate or substitute Milestones, provided that Owner shall not be 
obligated to pay more than the Cash Flow
 
38

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Plan for completion of any accelerated or substituted Milestone for any 
Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber. The parties also acknowledge and agree that 
nothing in the Section limits, and the Parties shall not construe this 
Section as limiting, Contractor’s ability to update the Schedule in 
accordance with Section 6.2. In the event that the dates for the Milestones 
set forth in an updated Schedule forecast no longer match the dates for the 
corresponding Cash Flow Plan, the parties shall cooperate to revise the 
Cash Flow Plan to match as closely as possible the updated Schedule to the 
extent that such revisions will not adversely impact the ability of Owner 
to arrange for financing for the Project and to manage its cash flow as 
contemplated by this Section.


7.5 Final Payment. Upon achievement of Final Completion of Unit 6 or the 
Unit 5 Scrubber, Contractor shall submit to Owner an invoice for the final 
Milestone Payment and other payments due under this Agreement with respect 
to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber (the “Final Payment Invoice”) which shall 
set forth all remaining amounts due to it pursuant to this Agreement with 
respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber. When submitting the applicable 
Final Payment Invoice, Contractor shall submit a written discharge, in form 
and substance reasonably satisfactory to Owner, confirming that the total 
of the applicable Final Payment Invoice represents full and final 
settlement of all monies due to Contractor under this Agreement with 
respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber. If requested by Owner, the 
applicable Final Payment Invoice shall also include a waiver (or a bond if 
a Lien exists to indemnify Owner against such Lien) of any Liens; provided
, that the waiver or bond shall be conditioned on Contractor receiving 
payment pursuant to such Final Payment Invoice. The procedures set forth in 
Section 7.3 above (including application of any late payment charge) shall 
be followed for payment of the applicable Final Payment Invoice, and Owner 
shall be entitled to offset against any invoice or Final Payment Invoice 
any undisputed amounts owing by Contractor to Owner under this Agreement 
with respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber, including any undisputed 
Liquidated Damages as may be applicable.


7.6 Certification by Contractor. In each Invoice, Contractor shall certify 
as follows:

“There are no known Liens (or such Liens are bonded over) outstanding at 
the date of this invoice, all amounts that are due and payable to any third 
party (including Subcontractors) with respect to the Work as of the date of 
this invoice have been paid or are included in the amount requested in this 
invoice, and, except for those bills not paid but so included and amounts 
disputed between Owner and Contractor, there is no known basis for the 
creation of any Liens except in respect to payments to Subcontractors 
withheld for proper reasons. Contractor hereby waives and releases, to the 
extent of the receipt of payment requested in this invoice, any right to 
any Lien with respect to payment for such portion of the Work included in 
this invoice.”


7.7 No Acceptance by Payment. Owner’s payment of any invoice, including a 
Final Payment Invoice, does not constitute approval or acceptance of any 
item or cost in that invoice nor shall be construed to relieve Contractor 
of any of its obligations under this Agreement.


7.8 Revenue from Use of Unit 6 and Facility. Owner shall be entitled to all 
revenue derived from or in connection with operation or use of Unit 6 and 
the Facility before (as contemplated in Section 10.4) and after the 
Substantial Completion Date for Unit 6.
 
39

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8. 	CHANGE ORDERS & PROVISIONAL SUMS

8.1 Change Requests. Without invalidating this Agreement, Owner may order 
changes in the Specifications or the Work consisting of additions, 
deletions or other revisions (each, a “Change”), including deletion of Unit 
6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber (such deletion being only in the event: (x) Owner 
is denied the DENR permit for Unit 6, or (y) Owner has cancelled the Work 
associated with Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber and does not intend to 
proceed with another contractor for such Work); provided, that Owner may 
not delete all Work through this Article. Without limiting the generality 
of the foregoing, Owner may order:

(a) an increase or decrease in the quantity of any Work,

(b) any Work omitted,

(c) a Change in the character or quality or kind of any such Work,

(d) a Change in the levels, lines, position and dimensions of any part of 
the Project,

(e) execution of additional Services of any kind prudent for the completion 
of the Work, or

(f) a Change in any specified sequence or timing of the Services.


If Owner desires to make a Change, it shall submit a written proposal to 
Contractor describing the Change requested. Contractor shall promptly 
review Owner’s proposal and submit to Owner an estimate of the cost to 
develop a Change Order for such Change, such development costs to be 
determined on a time and materials basis utilizing the rates set forth in 
Exhibit K. If the estimated costs to develop the Change Order are 
reasonably acceptable to Owner, Owner shall promptly provide notice thereof 
to Contractor in writing. Upon receipt of such notice, Contractor’s Project 
Manager shall promptly notify Owner in writing, as soon as practicable, 
either by giving reasons why Contractor, either directly or indirectly 
through a Subcontractor, could not effect such Change (if this is the case) 
or by submitting a proposed Change Order, which shall include in reasonable 
detail:
 
  	(i) 	the effect and impact, if any, that the Change would have, in 
Contractor’s reasonable judgment, on the Work, the Contract Price or the 
Schedule,
 
  	(ii) 	Contractor’s proposal for any necessary modifications to the Work, 
the Contract Price or the Schedule, and
 
  	(iii) 	Contractor’s proposal for any necessary modifications to any 
other provisions of this Agreement, including the Specifications, the 
Milestones, the Milestone Payments or the Performance Guarantees.
 
40

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contractor shall provide Owner such supporting documentation for the 
foregoing as Owner may reasonably request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Contractor shall not be entitled to any increase in the Contract Price or 
any extension of the Schedule if such Change was necessary as a result of a 
breach by Contractor of this Agreement. Owner shall, as soon as practicable 
after receipt of such submittal and supporting documentation, respond with 
any comments or questions. Contractor shall not delay any Work while 
awaiting a response. If Owner responds with comments or questions, 
Contractor shall endeavor to address such comments or answer such questions 
as soon as practicable. If Owner decides not to proceed with a Change, it 
shall reimburse Contractor for its efforts in developing the estimates and 
other information regarding the potential Change, on a time and material 
basis utilizing the rates set forth in Exhibit K (such reimbursement to be 
either outside the Contract Price or through a separate Change Order); 
provided, that Owner shall only be required to reimburse Contractor if 
Contractor has complied with the cost proposal requirements set forth 
above. If Owner wishes to proceed with the Change, Owner shall issue a 
written order to Contractor authorizing the Change and setting forth any 
revisions to this Agreement necessary to effect the Change (the “Change 
Order”). If Contractor refuses to accept such necessary revisions in the 
Change Order, Owner shall be entitled to require Contractor to continue to 
perform its obligations hereunder as would be modified by the Change Order; 
provided, that, if Owner requires Contractor to so perform, (x) the Parties 
shall resolve the Dispute over the necessary revisions in accordance with 
the dispute resolution procedures set forth in Article 28 and (y) if the 
Change requires additional or disputed Work, Owner shall continue to pay 
Contractor pursuant to the payment terms hereof based, subject to 
resolution of the Dispute pursuant to Article 28, on the time and materials 
rates set forth in Exhibit K. Once the Dispute is resolved, any amount 
owing will be paid within thirty (30) Days after the date of resolution.


If Contractor experiences an increase in costs or a delay in Contractor’s 
ability to perform the Work due to a delay in the delivery of any Owner 
Equipment or a delay resulting from a defect in any Owner Equipment or a 
breach of the Owner Equipment Contracts by the suppliers of the Owner 
Equipment, and such delay or defect is not the result of Contractor’s 
failure to comply with the requirements of this Agreement, Contractor shall 
be entitled to a Change and an equitable adjustment in the Contract Price 
and/or the Schedule.


Contractor shall have the right to request a Change but shall have no right 
to require a Change which is not contemplated by this Agreement without the 
prior written consent of Owner. If Contractor determines that a Change is 
necessary or advisable for any reason, including a Change in Law, 
Contractor shall give Owner written notice within twenty-one (21) Days 
thereof.


Owner may include in any Change Order provision that any additional 
Services shall be performed and any additional Equipment shall be provided 
on a time and materials basis. Contractor shall then be paid for such Work 
under the terms set out in Exhibit K. Contractor shall furnish to Owner 
such receipts or other vouchers as may be necessary to prove the amounts 
paid and labor performed and, before ordering materials, shall submit to 
Owner quotations for the same for its approval (such approval not to be 
unreasonably delayed or withheld). Promptly after the end of each month, 
Contractor shall deliver to Owner a priced statement of the labor and 
materials used during such month associated with such Change.
 
41

------------------------------------------------------------------------
9. 	FORCE MAJEURE

9.1 Event of Force Majeure. The performance by Owner or Contractor under 
this Agreement shall be excused to the extent that such Party’s performance 
is delayed or prevented by reason of an event of Force Majeure. If a Party 
is or will be reasonably prevented from performing its obligations under 
this Agreement by an event of Force Majeure, such Party shall use all 
commercially reasonable efforts to remove the cause affecting such 
non-performance and to minimize any delay in or impact upon the performance 
of this Agreement or any damage to or other impact upon the Equipment or 
the Owner Equipment. If an event of Force Majeure occurs, the Parties shall 
negotiate ***, and (b) the Contract Price; provided, that Contractor shall 
*** on Change Orders which result from an event of Force Majeure.


9.2 Notice. If a Party is or will be reasonably prevented from performing 
its obligations under this Agreement by an event of Force Majeure, then it 
shall notify the other Party of the obligations, the performance of which 
is or will be prevented, and the nature and cause of the event in writing 
within thirty (30) Days after the notifying Party or its Project Manager 
becomes aware, through the exercise of reasonable diligence, of the event 
of Force Majeure. The Party affected by an event of Force Majeure shall 
provide the other Party with weekly updates (a) estimating its expected 
duration, the cost of any remedial action, and the probable impact on the 
performance of its obligations hereunder, (b) of the actions taken to 
remove or overcome the event of Force Majeure and (c) of the efforts taken 
to mitigate or limit damages to the other Party. The Party affected by an 
event of Force Majeure shall also provide written notice to the other Party 
when it ceases to be so affected.


9.3 Suspension; Termination Due to Force Majeure. If any event of Force 
Majeure by Contractor delays Contractor’s performance for an aggregate time 
period greater than *** consecutive Days, then Owner, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, shall have the right to terminate this Agreement 
without penalty upon payment of all due and owing payments in accordance 
with Article 23. If any event of Force Majeure by Owner delays Contractor’s 
performance for an aggregate time period greater than *** consecutive Days, 
then Contractor, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall have the right 
to suspend performance and demobilize under this Agreement without penalty 
in accordance with Section 23.7. If any event of Force Majeure delays 
Contractor’s performance in any three year time period for an aggregate 
time period greater than *** Days, then Contractor, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, shall have the right to terminate performance and 
demobilize under this Agreement without penalty, and such termination shall 
be deemed and treated as a termination under Section 23.4.
 
10. 	INSPECTION: PERFORMANCE TESTING: PERFORMANCE GUARANTEES

10.1 Mechanical Completion Inspection. At least thirty (30) Days prior to 
the date upon which Contractor expects that Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber 
will satisfy the conditions for Mechanical Completion set forth in Section 
11.1, Contractor shall notify Owner in writing thereof and shall take 
necessary measures to allow a preliminary Mechanical Completion inspection 
of the relevant Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber to be conducted by Owner and 
its representatives. Contractor shall include with such notice documents 
and information prudent or convenient for Owner to determine whether Unit 6 
or the Unit 5 Scrubber will satisfy the
 
42

------------------------------------------------------------------------
conditions for Mechanical Completion set forth in Section 11.1. If Owner 
notifies Contractor of any deficiencies in the Work, Contractor shall 
immediately remedy such deficiencies as part of the Contract Price and 
provide Owner with the relevant documentary evidence of the correction.


10.2 Performance Testing. As soon as reasonably practicable following 
Mechanical Completion of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber as set forth in 
Article 11 below, and after providing Owner at least five (5) Days prior 
written notice (unless Owner agrees to a shorter notice period or 
regulatory requirements necessitate a longer notice period), Contractor 
shall commence Performance Testing of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber. All 
Performance Testing shall be conducted in accordance with the Testing 
Procedures developed in accordance with the requirements of Exhibit L-1 or 
Exhibit L-2, as applicable, and approved by Owner (such approval not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed). Owner and its agents, representatives 
and invitees, including any independent third party inspector, shall have 
the right to attend and witness the Performance Testing. After the 
completion of each successful Performance Test, Contractor shall determine 
and submit to Owner, in writing and electronically, the raw data and 
completed results of such Performance Test, together with a comparison of 
such results to the applicable Performance Guarantees and a statement 
whether such results satisfy the applicable Performance Guarantees. By 
submitting such raw data and completed results, Contractor represents that 
such raw data, and the conversion of such raw data into the test results, 
is accurate. All Performance Testing shall be conducted in conformance with 
the applicable requirements of this Agreement and the Testing Procedures 
and with the required prior notification to Owner.


10.3 Satisfaction of Performance Testing. Within ten (10) Days after it 
receives the results for all of the Performance Testing, the underlying raw 
data and other information required by Section 10.2, Owner shall respond in 
writing to Contractor stating whether (a) such Performance Testing was 
performed according to the Testing Procedures, and (b) the results of such 
Performance Testing satisfied the applicable Performance Guarantees, or, if 
Owner does not believe that is the case, Owner shall provide its reasons 
therefore. Upon its receipt of any such response from Owner that is not in 
the affirmative, Contractor shall promptly take whatever action shall be 
necessary to cure the defect in the Performance Testing, adjust or modify 
any of the Equipment, or request adjustment or modification of Owner 
Equipment in accordance with Section 3.1(a)(ii), or otherwise in order to 
satisfy the applicable Performance Guarantees so noted by Owner and shall 
promptly repeat the Performance Testing in accordance with Section 10.2 
and this Section. If, following the Performance Testing, either: (a) Owner 
agrees that the Performance Guarantees have been satisfied and that the 
Performance Testing was performed according to the Testing Procedures, (b) 
the failure to meet any Performance Guarantees is attributable to the 
performance of Owner Equipment (other than due to Contractor’s obligations 
set forth in Section 3.1(a)(ii)(B)), or (c) Owner fails to respond within 
the time period set forth above, then the applicable Performance Guarantees 
shall be deemed to have been satisfied on the date of completion of such 
Performance Testing for the purposes of calculating Delay Liquidated 
Damages. Notwithstanding anything in this Article to the contrary, no 
agreement, confirmation, statement or otherwise of Owner relating to 
whether the Performance Testing was performed according to the Testing 
Procedures or whether the results of such Performance Testing satisfied the 
applicable Performance Guarantees shall relieve Contractor of any of its 
obligations under this Agreement. All costs that Contractor incurs in 
satisfying its obligations under this Article are the sole responsibility 
of Contractor and included in the Contract Price, except that
 
43

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contractor shall be reimbursed through a Change Order for additional costs 
it may incur due to problems with Owner Equipment that are not the result 
of Contractor’s failure to comply with the requirements set forth in this 
Agreement (other than Section 3.1(a)(ii)(A)), including for any repeat 
Performance Testing and the consumables and spare parts associated 
therewith.


10.4 Owner’s Right to Operate Prior to Satisfaction of Performance 
Guarantees. If Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber fails to satisfy the 
Performance Guarantees during the Performance Testing for Unit 6 or the 
Unit 5 Scrubber or fails to achieve Substantial Completion by the 
Guaranteed Substantial Completion Date for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber 
and Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber can be operated in compliance with 
applicable Laws, Owner, in its sole discretion, shall have the right 
nonetheless to operate Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber and shall give 
Contractor written notice of its decision; provided; that if by doing so 
Owner would cause material damage or deterioration to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber, Contractor shall not be responsible for such material damage or 
deterioration to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber to the extent caused by 
Owner’s election to operate prior to Contractor having an opportunity to 
cure any Defects. If Owner elects to operate Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber 
and, during such time, does not permit Contractor to cure the Defects 
necessary for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber to satisfy the Minimum 
Performance Guarantees of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber, then the 
Guaranteed Substantial Completion Date and Guaranteed Final Completion Date 
(if such dates have not passed) for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber shall be 
extended on an equitable basis until such time as Owner tenders Unit 6 or 
the Unit 5 Scrubber to Contractor for further Services and Performance 
Testing, and Contractor shall be entitled to a Change Order for equitable 
schedule and/or price adjustment. Owner shall bear the risk of loss during 
such time as it operates Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber. Owner’s operation 
of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber under this Section shall not reduce 
Contractor’s obligations under this Agreement, including Contractor’s 
obligation to cause Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber to satisfy the 
Specifications and Performance Guarantees for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber, except for normal wear and tear, degradation, and operation not 
in accordance with Contractor’s instructions. In any event, if Owner elects 
to operate any Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber as contemplated in this 
Section 10.4 for more than *** Days, then Substantial Completion of Unit 6 
or Unit 5 Scrubber shall be deemed to have been achieved on the day Owner 
made such election, and ***.


10.5 Failure of Component to Meet Performance Criteria. If Unit 6 or the 
Unit 5 Scrubber satisfies the Performance Guarantees of Unit 6 or the Unit 
5 Scrubber under this Agreement but an item of Equipment within Unit 6 or 
the Unit 5 Scrubber does not meet its specific performance criteria as set 
forth in the Specifications, Contractor shall, in addition to its Warranty 
obligations hereunder, provide Owner with all commercially reasonably paid 
assistance in pursuing the available remedies against the Subcontractor 
which provided such Equipment. This assistance may include but shall not be 
limited to assistance in enforcing the repair, replacement or refurbishment 
of the Equipment by Subcontractor or the collection of monetary remedies 
from the Subcontractor for failure to meet its guarantees. The Owner shall 
be entitled to the benefits of any recovery from such Subcontractor.
 
44

------------------------------------------------------------------------
11. 	MECHANICAL COMPLETION; SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION; FINAL COMPLETION

11.1 Mechanical Completion. “Mechanical Completion” shall be deemed to have 
occurred with respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber upon the 
satisfaction of all of the following conditions:

(a) All materials, equipment and systems related to the safe start-up and 
testing of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber shall have been constructed and 
installed in accordance with this Agreement, including the Specifications 
and applicable Laws, and in a manner that does not void any warranties, and 
the Equipment and Owner Equipment shall be mechanically and electrically 
sound, all required pre-operational testing shall have been satisfactorily 
completed, and all systems shall have been checked for alignment, 
lubrication, rotation and hydrostatic and pneumatic pressure integrity.

(b) All systems and components shall have been flushed and cleaned out as 
necessary, and the Equipment and Owner Equipment shall be ready to support 
the commencement of Performance Testing;

(c) The Parties shall have agreed upon the Testing Procedures;

(d) For Unit 6, Contractor shall have synchronized Unit 6 to the 
transmission grid as described in Exhibit A;

(e) The Equipment and Owner Equipment shall be capable of being tested in 
accordance with Exhibit L without damage thereto (including any portion of 
the Facility) or to any property or injury to any Person and in compliance 
with all applicable Laws and all permits and licenses required by such 
Laws;

(f) Contractor shall have provided the applicable Documentation that is 
needed to start-up, operate and maintain Unit 6 and the Project (including 
the Project Manuals), which Documentation shall have been approved, in the 
reasonable determination of Owner, as adequate for the start-up, operation 
and maintenance of Unit 6 and the Project (such approval not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed);

(g) Contractor shall have provided the training of Owner’s personnel and 
representatives as required by Exhibit A; and

(h) Contractor shall have delivered to Owner a certificate signed by 
Contractor certifying that all of the preceding conditions in this Section 
have been satisfied.


Contractor shall not commence Performance Testing of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber until all of the above conditions have been satisfied with respect 
to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber and Contractor shall have provided the 
required prior notice to Owner of the Performance Testing and given Owner 
an opportunity to attend.


11.2 Substantial Completion. “Substantial Completion” shall be deemed to 
have occurred with respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber upon the 
satisfaction of all of the following conditions:

(a) Mechanical Completion of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber shall have been 
achieved;
 
45

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Unit 6 or Unit 5 Scrubber shall be capable of being operated in 
accordance with the Specifications without damage to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber, the Facility or to any property or injury to any Person and in 
compliance with all Owner Permits, Laws and orders of all Government 
Authorities then in effect;

(c) Contractor shall have completed the initial Performance Testing of Unit 
6 or Unit 5 Scrubber and the results of such initial Performance Testing 
shall have satisfied the Minimum Performance Guarantees of Unit 6 or Unit 5 
Scrubber, all according to the Testing Procedures and the requirements of 
Article 10;

(d) Contractor shall have completed the performance of the Services with 
respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber according to all of the provisions 
of this Agreement, with the exception of those items specified in the 
Substantial Completion Punch List with respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber, which Contractor shall have prepared and for which Contractor 
shall have received approval from Owner (such approval not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed);

(e) Contractor shall have delivered to Owner the Documentation relating to 
Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber that Contractor is required to deliver to 
Owner pursuant to Exhibit A; and

(f) Contractor shall have delivered to Owner a certificate signed by 
Contractor certifying that all of the preceding conditions in this Section 
have been satisfied.


Upon the satisfaction of all of the foregoing conditions, Owner shall 
accept Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber, subject to Final Completion of Unit 6 
or the Unit 5 Scrubber according to Article 11, by delivering to Contractor 
notice of that acceptance within a reasonable time, and Contractor shall 
turn over risk of loss and care, custody, control and operation of Unit 6 
or the Unit 5 Scrubber to Owner. For the purposes of calculating Delay 
Liquidated Damages, the date upon which Contractor submits the certifying 
notice required by this Section 11.2 (if such notice is accurate) shall be 
deemed the Substantial Completion Date with respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber.


11.3 Final Completion. “Final Completion” shall be deemed to have occurred 
for Unit 6 or for the Unit 5 Scrubber upon the satisfaction of all of the 
following conditions for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber:

(a) for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber, Contractor shall have achieved all 
conditions for Substantial Completion of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber;

(b) Contractor shall have completed the Performance Testing of Unit 6 or 
Unit 5 Scrubber and either (i) all Performance Guarantees of Unit 6 or the 
Unit 5 Scrubber shall have been satisfied according to the Testing 
Procedures, or (ii) Contractor shall have satisfied all of the Make Right 
Performance Guarantees of Unit 6 or the Unit 5
 
46

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Scrubber and shall have paid to Owner Performance Liquidated Damages as 
required by Article 12 for those guarantees that allow a performance 
buy-down;

(c) The performance of the Services (except for Services relating to any 
warranty Work) shall be one hundred percent (100%) complete, including the 
Reliability Testing and the completion (or buying down) by Contractor of 
all items on the Substantial Completion Punch List with respect to Unit 6 
or the Unit 5 Scrubber in accordance with this Agreement;

(d) Contractor shall have delivered to Owner the Documentation Contractor 
is required to deliver to Owner pursuant to Exhibit A as of the Final 
Completion Date for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber;

(e) There shall exist no Default of Contractor and no event which, with the 
passage of time or the giving of notice or both, would be an Default of 
Contractor; and

(f) Contractor shall have delivered to Owner a certificate signed by 
Contractor certifying that all of the preceding conditions in this Section 
have been satisfied.
 
12. 	DELAY AND PERFORMANCE LIQUIDATED DAMAGES; EARLY COMPLETION BONUS

12.1 Delay Liquidated Damages.

(a) The Parties agree that it would be extremely difficult and 
impracticable under presently known and anticipated facts and circumstances 
to ascertain and fix the actual damages Owner would incur if Contractor 
does not achieve Substantial Completion of Unit 6 by the Guaranteed 
Substantial Completion Date for Unit 6 (as the Guaranteed Substantial 
Completion Date for Unit 6 may be extended due to Force Majeure, Owner 
caused delays, differing site conditions, discovery of Hazardous Materials, 
Changes in Law, or as otherwise contemplated in this Agreement), and, 
accordingly, if Contractor does not achieve Substantial Completion of Unit 
6 by that date, subject to Section 12.1(c) below, Owner’s sole and 
exclusive remedy for such delay shall be to recover from Contractor as 
liquidated damages, and not as a penalty, the Delay Liquidated Damages for 
each Day that Substantial Completion of Unit 6 is delayed beyond the 
Guaranteed Substantial Completion Date for Unit 6; provided, that in no 
event shall the aggregate Delay Liquidated Damages for Unit 6 exceed its 
Delay Liquidated Damages Cap.

(b) The Parties agree that it would be extremely difficult and 
impracticable under presently known and anticipated facts and circumstances 
to ascertain and fix the actual damages Owner would incur if (i) Unit 5 
Scrubber Tie-In does not commence by the Guaranteed Tie-In Commencement 
Date, (ii) Contractor does not complete the successful tie-in of the Unit 5 
Scrubber by the Guaranteed Tie-In Completion Date or (iii) after the 
successful Tie-In of the Unit 5 Scrubber, Contractor does not achieve 
Substantial Completion of the Unit 5 Scrubber by the Guaranteed Substantial 
Completion Date (in each case, as the Guaranteed Tie-In Commencement Date, 
the Guaranteed Tie-in
 
47

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Completion Date or the Guaranteed Substantial Completion Date of the Unit 5 
Scrubber, as applicable, may be extended due to Force Majeure, Owner caused 
delays, differing site conditions, discovery of Hazardous Materials, 
Changes in Law, or as otherwise contemplated in this Agreement), and, 
accordingly, upon the occurrence of either event, subject to Section 
12.1(c) below, Owner’s sole and exclusive remedy therefore shall be to 
recover from Contractor as liquidated damages, and not as a penalty, the 
Delay Liquidated Damages for each Day after the Guaranteed Tie-In 
Commencement Date that Unit 5 Scrubber Tie-In does not commence, each Day 
after the Guaranteed Tie-In Completion Date that the successful Tie-In of 
the Unit 5 Scrubber has not been achieved, and, after the successful Tie-In 
of the Unit 5 Scrubber has been achieved, each Day after the Guaranteed 
Substantial Completion of the Unit 5 Scrubber that Substantial Completion 
of the Unit 5 Scrubber is not achieved, as applicable; provided, that in no 
event shall the aggregate Delay Liquidated Damages for the Unit 5 Scrubber 
exceed its Delay Liquidated Damages Cap. The Parties hereby agree that the 
Delay Liquidated Damages payable pursuant to this Section 12.1(b) shall not 
be duplicative. By way of example, if Contractor is assessed Delay 
Liquidated Damages due to the commencement of Unit 5 Scrubber Tie-In on a 
date that is two (2) days after the Guaranteed Tie-In Commencement Date, 
Contractor shall not be liable for Delay Liquidated Damages for the same 
two (2) day delay in completing Unit 5 Scrubber Tie-In or in achieving 
Substantial Completion of the Unit 5 Scrubber.

(c) Contractor shall have no liability or obligation to pay Delay 
Liquidated Damages to Owner hereunder for any delay in Contractor’s 
performance of the Work to the extent attributable to the performance of 
any Owner Equipment, unless such delay is the result of Contractor’s 
failure to comply with the requirements set forth in this Agreement.


12.2 Performance Liquidated Damages.

(a) The Parties agree that it would be extremely difficult and 
impracticable under presently known and anticipated facts and circumstances 
to ascertain and fix the actual damages Owner would incur if Unit 6 or the 
Unit 5 Scrubber does not meet the corresponding Performance Guarantees on 
or before the Guaranteed Final Completion Date for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber, and, accordingly, and subject to Section 12.2(c) below, Owner’s 
sole and exclusive remedy for such failure shall be to recover from 
Contractor as liquidated damages, and not as a penalty, the applicable 
Performance Liquidated Damages; provided, however, that in no event shall 
the aggregate Performance Liquidated Damages for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber exceed the respective Performance Liquidated Damages Cap.

(b) Notwithstanding anything set forth in Section 12.2(a) to the contrary, 
Contractor shall have the right, exercisable by written notice to Owner, to 
delay the payment of Performance Liquidated Damages by Contractor with 
respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber and to continue to use all 
commercially reasonable efforts to achieve the Performance Guarantees of 
Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber for a period of up to *** after the 
Guaranteed Final Completion Date for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber.
 
48

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Contractor shall have no liability or obligation to pay any Performance 
Liquidated Damages to Owner hereunder for the failure to meet any 
Performance Guarantee to the extent that such failure is attributable to 
the performance of any Owner Equipment, unless such failure is the result 
of Contractor’s failure to comply with the requirements set forth in 
Section 3.1(a)(ii)(B).


12.3 Early Completion Bonus. Owner shall pay Contractor the Early 
Completion Bonus for Unit 6 for Contractor’s early achievement of 
Substantial Completion of the Work for Unit 6 as compared to the Guaranteed 
Substantial Completion Date for Unit 6. Contractor shall only be entitled 
to such Early Completion Bonus if the Work meets the Minimum Performance 
Guarantees for Unit 6 at the time of Substantial Completion of Unit 6.


12.4 Payment. Unless disputed in good faith, the Liquidated Damages 
specified in Section 12.1, Section 12.2 and the Bonus specified in Section 
12.3 shall be due and payable within thirty (30) Days after written demand 
by Owner or Contractor, as the case may be. Any undisputed Liquidated 
Damages or Bonus that remain unpaid after the expiration of such ten-Day 
period shall bear interest at the Prime Interest Rate plus 1% per annum or 
the highest rate allowed by law, whichever is less. If any Liquidated 
Damages or Bonus are disputed by either Party, any Liquidated Damages or 
Bonus that are determined to be payable pursuant to the resolution of such 
dispute in accordance with this Agreement shall also bear interest from the 
expiration of the ten-Day period referred to above at the Prime Interest 
Rate plus 1% per annum or the highest rate allowed by law, whichever is 
less. Notwithstanding the assessment of interest, and in addition to its 
other rights and remedies, Owner and Contractor shall have the right to 
offset the amount of any unpaid Liquidated Damages or Bonus plus interest 
against any amounts due or that may become due to Contractor or Owner (as 
the case may be) under this Agreement.
 
13. 	WARRANTY

13.1 Services Warranty Period. Contractor warrants that the Services will 
be performed in a professional and workmanlike manner, will conform to the 
requirements of this Agreement, including the requirements set forth in 
Section 3.1(a)(ii), and will reflect competent professional knowledge and 
judgment. For Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, if any portion of the 
Services fails to comply with this warranty obligation and Contractor is so 
notified in writing prior to *** after the respective Substantial 
Completion Date (the “Services Warranty Period”), Contractor will promptly 
re-perform such portion of the Services without additional compensation 
from Owner or, if re-performance is impossible or commercially 
impracticable, Owner and Contractor shall meet and discuss in good faith an 
equitable way to resolve such matter in order to place Owner in as good a 
position as Owner would have been in had there been no such breach of the 
warranty obligation. If the Parties are unable to resolve such matter in a 
manner reasonably acceptable to both Parties, either Party may initiate the 
Dispute resolution procedures set forth in Article 28.


13.2 Equipment Warranty Period. Contractor warrants that the Equipment 
furnished to Owner will be free from Defects in workmanship and material 
and will conform to this Agreement, including the Specifications, for a 
period of *** from the earlier of (a) the date care, custody and control to 
the Equipment is transferred to Owner, or (b) the date Substantial 
Completion of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber is achieved. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, the Equipment Warranty Period for each item on a Substantial 
Completion Punch List shall
 
49

------------------------------------------------------------------------
commence upon Contractor’s completion (or buying down) of, and Owner’s 
acceptance of, the particular Punch List item and shall continue until the 
*** thereof (the warranty periods set forth in this Section are, 
collectively, referred to as the “Equipment Warranty Period”).


13.3 Extension of Warranty Periods. If a Defect (as defined in Section 13.4
) is discovered within the Services Warranty Period or Equipment Warranty 
Period, as applicable, and such Defect is not cured to the reasonable 
satisfaction of Owner, then the Services Warranty Period or Equipment 
Warranty Period, as applicable, shall be extended to the *** of the date 
such Defect was corrected, but only with respect to the Equipment or 
Service that was the subject of such Defect. In no event shall any Services 
Warranty Period or Equipment Warranty Period for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 
Scrubber extend beyond *** from the Substantial Completion Date for Unit 6 
or Unit 5 Scrubber, respectively.


13.4 Defects. If, within the Services Warranty Period or Equipment Warranty 
Period, as applicable, deviations from, breaches of, or failures of the 
foregoing warranties (“Defects”) in the Equipment or Services are 
discovered by Owner or Contractor, Contractor shall, commence within a 
timely manner upon being discovered or upon notice from Owner to correct 
those Defects, including re-performance or re-provision of any affected 
portion of the Work and repair of any resulting damage, and shall 
demonstrate to Owner’s reasonable satisfaction that the Defects have been 
properly corrected. Warranty work critical to the operation of the Facility 
shall be performed at such time and in such manner as to take into 
consideration Owner’s requirements to avoid disruption of Owner’s 
operations at the Facility. Contractor shall be responsible for, and shall 
pay as and when due for, all inspection, removal, packaging, 
transportation, installation, consulting and other costs for the correction 
of Defects. Owner shall provide Contractor with reasonable access at the 
Site to correct Defects; provided, that any such access shall be 
restricted, and subject to such conditions, as Owner may have instituted 
generally for its contractors.


13.5 Responsibility for Warranty Work. Contractor shall have primary 
liability with respect to the warranties in this Agreement, whether or not 
any Defect or other matter is also covered by a warranty of a Subcontractor 
or other third party, and Owner need only look to Contractor for corrective 
action. In addition, Contractor’s warranties shall not be restricted in any 
manner by any warranty of a Subcontractor or other third party, and the 
refusal of a Subcontractor or other third party to provide or honor a 
warranty or to correct defective, deficient or nonconforming Work shall not 
excuse Contractor from its liability on its warranties to Owner. Contractor 
shall have no responsibility to perform any warranty Work with respect to 
Owner Equipment unless any Defect with respect to such Owner Equipment is 
attributable to Contractor’s failure to comply with the requirements set 
forth in Section 3.1(a)(ii)(B).


13.6 Conditions of Warranty. To the extent that any failure by Contractor 
to meet the foregoing warranties is the result of (a) Owner’s failure to 
receive, handle, store, maintain, or install the Equipment furnished in a 
reasonable manner or in accordance with any reasonable Contractor 
requirements conveyed to Owner, (b) Owner’s failure to operate the 
Equipment within its rating or operated and maintained in a reasonable 
manner consistent with Contractor’s or Equipment vendors’ instructions, (c) 
Owner subjecting the Equipment to abuse or misuse, or (d) normal wear and 
tear or corrosion inherent in the operation of the Facility, then, to that 
extent, Contractor shall be excused for said failure.
 
50

------------------------------------------------------------------------
13.7 Title Warranty. Contractor represents and warrants that it shall 
provide to, and, effective as of the applicable date set forth in Section 
22.1, hereby assigns and transfers to, Owner good, marketable and exclusive 
title to the Equipment, free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens 
created solely by the actions of Owner); provided, however, that Contractor 
shall not be required to assign and transfer to Owner good, marketable and 
exclusive title to certain intellectual property to be licensed to Owner as 
provided in Article 19, but Contractor shall, and hereby does, grant, 
effective upon the date on which Owner takes over care, custody and control 
of the Facility, to Owner the licenses to such intellectual property as 
described in Article 19. In the event of any nonconformity with or breach 
of this warranty, Contractor shall, as part of the Fixed Prices, promptly, 
and in any event within thirty (30) Days thereof, remove any Lien on any of 
such Equipment or otherwise provide Owner good, marketable and exclusive 
title to such Equipment, free and clear of all Liens; provided, that if 
Contractor is unable within such thirty (30) Day period to remove such 
Lien, Contractor may post a bond in an amount (and otherwise in form and 
substance) reasonably acceptable to Owner so long as Contractor continues 
to use all commercially reasonable efforts to remove such Lien as promptly 
as practicable. This Section shall survive the expiration, cancellation or 
termination of this Agreement.


13.8 Intellectual Property Warranty. Contactor warrants that the Services 
performed by Contractor or its Subcontractors, the Equipment and the 
Documentation, or any part of any of the foregoing, shall not infringe or 
constitute a misappropriation of any right of any third party, including, 
without limitation, any copyrights, mask work rights, patent rights, 
trademark rights, trade secret rights or confidentiality rights.


13.9 Warranty Assistance. During the Warranty Periods, Owner shall, without 
cost to Contractor: (a) provide Contractor reasonable working access 
(subject to such restrictions and conditions as Owner may have instituted 
generally for its contractors) to the Site to remove, disassemble, replace 
and reinstall any Equipment with respect to which a Defect exists; (b) 
remove, to the extent erected by Owner or a third party and not included 
in, or required by, the Specifications and to the extent necessary to 
permit Contractor to perform its warranty obligations, any material or 
structures; and (c) provide Contractor reasonable access to Facility 
personnel as are reasonably necessary to the extent consistent with 
personnel job classifications and subject to availability to assist 
Contractor in the performance of its warranty obligations.


13.10 Exclusive Warranties. THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE 
EXCLUSIVE AND ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES WHETHER STATUTORY, 
EXPRESS, OR IMPLIED (INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ALL WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF 
DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE). Correction of Defects in the manner and within 
the period of time provided herein shall constitute complete fulfillment of 
all the liabilities of Contractor with respect to such Defect, whether the 
claims by Owner are based in contract, in tort (including negligence and 
strict liability), or otherwise.
 
51

------------------------------------------------------------------------
14. 	INDEMNIFICATION

14.1 Contractor’s Indemnity. Contractor shall indemnify and hold harmless 
Owner, its parents and Affiliates, and their respective partners, 
shareholders, members, agents, employees, officers, directors, and lenders 
and Financial Institutions (collectively, the “Owner Indemnitees”) from and 
against:

(i) any and all Third Party Claims and all damages, liabilities, losses, 
costs and expenses associated therewith (including attorneys’ fees and 
other professionals’ fees) for any injury of or death to persons, damage to 
or destruction of third party property, contamination of the environment or 
injury to natural resources, whether contractual, in tort, or as a matter 
of strict liability or liability imposed by Law, to the extent any of the 
foregoing arise out of the negligence or willful misconduct or wanton acts 
or omissions of Contractor, any Subcontractor or any of their respective 
employees, agents or third parties over which either has reasonable control 
during the performance of the Services, including any Services during any 
Warranty Period, and

(ii) any and all claims, demands or causes of action of every kind and 
character by any Person and all damages, liabilities, losses, costs and 
expenses associated therewith (including attorneys’ fees and other 
professionals’ fees) for:
 
  	(a) 	any violation or alleged violation of Laws by Contractor, any 
Subcontractor or any of their respective employees, agents or third parties 
over which either has reasonable control;
 
  	(b) 	any action taken by Contractor, any Subcontractor or any of their 
respective employees, agents or third parties over which either has 
reasonable control, which action results directly in Owner violating any 
Law; or
 
  	(c) 	any prohibited assignment by Contractor of this Agreement.


14.2 Owner’s Indemnity. Owner shall indemnify and hold harmless Contractor, 
its parents and Affiliates and their respective partners, shareholders, 
members, agents, employees, officers, directors, and lenders (collectively, 
the “Contractor Indemnitees”) from and against:

(i) any and all Third Party Claims and all damages, liabilities, losses, 
costs and expenses associated therewith (including attorneys’ fees and 
other professionals’ fees) for any injury of or death to persons, damage to 
or destruction of third party property, contamination of the environment or 
injury to natural resources, whether contractual, in tort, or as a matter 
of strict liability or liability imposed by Law, to the extent any of the 
foregoing arise out of, in whole or in part, the negligence or willful 
misconduct or wanton acts or omissions of Owner or any of its employees, 
agents or third parties over which it has reasonable control during the 
performance of the Services, including any Services during any Warranty 
Period; and
 
52

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) any and all claims, demands or causes of action of every kind and 
character by any Person and all damages, liabilities, losses, costs and 
expenses associated therewith (including attorneys’ fees and other 
professionals’ fees) for:
 
  	(a) 	any violation or alleged violation of Laws by Owner, its employees 
or agents or third parties over which it has control (unless directly 
caused by Contractor, any Subcontractor, or any of their respective 
employees or agents or third parties over which either of them has 
control), or
 
  	(b) 	any prohibited assignment of this Agreement by Owner, or
 
  	(c) 	any pre-existing Hazardous Materials.


14.3 Intellectual Property Indemnity. Contractor shall, as part of the 
Fixed Prices, defend, indemnify and hold harmless Owner Indemnitees against 
any and all damages, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including 
attorneys’ fees and other professionals’ fees) associated with any claims, 
suits or proceedings brought against any of the Owner Indemnitees based on 
an allegation that any Services performed by Contractor or its 
Subcontractors, the Documentation or the Equipment, or any part thereof, or 
use thereof, constitutes an infringement or misappropriation of any right 
of any third party, including, without limitation, any copyrights, mask 
work rights, United States patent rights, trademark rights, trade secret 
rights, confidentiality rights or other property rights, if Contractor is 
notified promptly in writing and given authority, information, and 
assistance for the defense or settlement of such claim suit or proceeding. 
Contractor will not be responsible for any settlement of such suit or 
proceeding made without its written consent. Contractor shall obtain 
Owner’s written consent, which may be withheld in Owner’s sole discretion, 
prior to entering into any settlement of any such claim suit or proceeding 
that does not include a complete liability release for all Owner 
Indemnitees or that would prohibit use of any part of the Project, the 
Documentation or the Equipment by any Owner Indemnitees. If the use of the 
Project, the Documentation or the Equipment, or any part thereof, as a 
result of any such claim, suit or proceeding is held to constitute 
infringement, and its use by any of the Owner Indemnitees is enjoined, 
Contractor shall, at its option, either: (i) procure for such Owner 
Indemnitees the right to continue using the Project, the Documentation or 
the Equipment, or any part thereof; (ii) replace same with substantially 
equivalent non-infringing Documentation or Equipment or parts thereof 
acceptable to Owner; or (iii) modify same in a manner acceptable to Owner 
and in conformance with the functional requirements of this Agreement so it 
becomes non-infringing. Except to the extent that Contractor is a 
contributory infringer, Contractor shall have no indemnity duty or 
obligation hereunder to the extent that the Facility, the Documentation or 
the Equipment furnished hereunder is (A) modified by Owner after acceptance 
thereof to make it infringing, or (B) combined by Owner with items not 
furnished hereunder or recommended or approved by Contractor and solely as 
a result of said modification or combination a claim, suit or proceeding is 
brought against Owner. Contractor shall flow down the requirements of this 
Section 14.3 and make Owner direct beneficiary of the indemnification 
obligation in its subcontracts with all Major Subcontractors. If Contractor 
is unable to flow down such provision to a Major Subcontractor, Contractor 
shall notify Owner in writing of such failure prior to entering into a 
subcontract with such Person and Owner and Contractor shall consult in good 
faith concerning the options to select an alternative Subcontractor. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Contractor’s obligations under 
this Section 14.3 shall not apply to the Owner Equipment.
 
53

------------------------------------------------------------------------
14.4 Indemnity Procedures for Third Party Claims.

(a) In the event of a Third Party Claim with respect to which an 
Indemnified Party has a claim for indemnification under this Article, then 
the Indemnified Party must notify the indemnifying Party thereof in writing 
of the existence of such Third Party Claim and must deliver copies of any 
documents served on the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third Party 
Claim; provided, however, that any failure to notify the indemnifying Party 
or deliver such copies will not relieve the indemnifying Party from any 
obligation hereunder unless (and then solely to the extent that) the 
indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced by such failure.

(b) The indemnifying Party shall have the right to conduct and control, 
through counsel of its own choosing, reasonably acceptable to the 
Indemnified Party, any Third Party Claim; provided, however, that (i) if 
requested by the Indemnified Party, the indemnifying Party provides the 
Indemnified Party with evidence reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified 
Party that the indemnifying Party will have the financial resources to 
defend against the Third Party Claim and fulfill its indemnification 
obligations hereunder, (ii) the Indemnified Party may, at its election, 
participate in the defense thereof at its sole cost and expense and (iii) 
if (A) the indemnifying Party shall fail to defend any Third Party Claim, 
(B) the Parties mutually agree in writing to allow the Indemnified Party to 
assume the defense of such Third Party Claim and forego any indemnity 
claimed under this Article, (C) in the reasonable opinion of legal counsel 
for the Indemnified Party, such Third Party Claim involves the potential 
imposition of criminal liability on the Indemnified Party, its directors, 
officers, employees or agents, (D) in the reasonable opinion of legal 
counsel for the Indemnified Party, the Third Party Claim involves, or is 
likely to involve, any claim by any Government Authority or (E) in the 
reasonable opinion of legal counsel for the Indemnified Party, an actual or 
potential conflict of interest exists where it is advisable for such 
Indemnified Party to be represented by separate counsel, then the 
Indemnified Party shall be entitled to control and assume responsibility 
for the defense of such Third Party Claim, at the cost and expense of the 
indemnified Party. The indemnifying Party may, in any event, participate in 
such proceedings at its own cost and expense.

(c) The indemnifying Party, in the defense of any such litigation, other 
proceeding or other claim, shall have the right in its sole discretion to 
settle such Third Party Claim only if (i) such settlement involves only the 
payment of money and execution of appropriate releases of the Indemnified 
Party and its Affiliates, (ii) there is no finding or admission of any 
violation of Law, and (iii) the Indemnified Party or its Affiliates will 
have no liability with respect to such compromise or settlement. Otherwise, 
no such Third Party Claim shall be settled or agreed to without the prior 
written consent of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified Party and the 
indemnifying Party shall fully cooperate in good faith in connection with 
such defense and shall cause their legal counsel, accountants and 
affiliates to do so, and shall make available to the other Party all 
relevant books, records, and information (in such Party’s control) during 
normal business hours, and shall furnish to each other such other 
assistance as the other Party may reasonably require in connection with 
such defense, including making employees of the Indemnified Party available 
to testify and assist others in testifying in any such proceedings.
 
54

------------------------------------------------------------------------
15. 	INSURANCE

Prior to the Price Finalization Deadline, Owner and Contractor shall 
evaluate the two insurance alternatives “A-1” and “A-2” and Owner shall 
include one of the two alternatives or a mutually agreeable hybrid of the 
two alternatives.


15.1 Owner Provided Builder’s Risk.

(a) The Owner shall procure and maintain Builders Risk Insurance Coverage 
which provides for “All Risk” coverage for physical loss or damage to the 
Work from the date the first Full Notice to Proceed is issued hereunder 
until the latest of the Substantial Completion Dates of Unit 6 and the Unit 
5 Scrubber, including physical loss or damage resulting from earthquake, 
flood and hot testing. Such coverage shall encompass the buildings, 
structure of work, materials and property associated with the Work in the 
care, custody or control of Contractor and the enrolled Subcontractors at 
the Site. Such coverage shall include coverage for earthquake, subsidence 
and sinkhole, water damage (including flood), windstorms, boiler, 
machinery, inland transit and temporary off-Site storage exposure, start-up 
and testing coverage, vandalism, malicious mischief, collapse, falsework, 
temporary buildings, debris removal including demolition occasioned by 
enforcement of applicable legal requirements.

(b) The Builder’s Risk coverage provided by Owner shall in no way be 
construed to provide coverage for the tools, materials, and equipment of 
Contractor or any Subcontractor. The Builder’s Risk policy does not provide 
coverage for Contractor’s or any Subcontractor’s equipment, including 
owned, used and leased equipment required to perform the Work. Furthermore, 
the Builder’s Risk policy does not provide business interruption or delay 
in completion coverage for Contractor or any Subcontractor.

(c) The Builder’s Risk Policy shall be in the name of the Owner. 
Contractor, its Affiliates and its Subcontractors shall be named as an 
additional insured.

(d) Contractor (and its Subcontractors) shall be responsible for 
deductibles up to *** for all other real property and tangible personal 
property (except up to *** for start-up and testing of all Equipment) at 
the Site. ***.

(e) Owner shall, and shall cause its underwriters to, waive subrogation 
against Contractor (including its Affiliates) and its Subcontractors on 
such Builder’s Risk insurance policy except for any claims or matters in 
which the Equipment warranty or the Services warranty provided by 
Contractor or any Subcontractor hereunder are involved. It is further 
agreed that Owner may elect to self-insure this risk. In the event that 
Owner elects to self-insure the Builder’s Risk, Owner shall waive its right 
to recover the cost to repair or replace such loss or damage from 
Contractor (including its Affiliates) and its Subcontractors in excess of 
the deductible or retention amount and to the extent that coverage would 
have been available had Owner obtained the foregoing Builder’s Risk 
insurance policy. Should a loss be sustained at the Site and in the course 
of construction to property that is to be incorporated into the Project, 
Contractor shall replace or repair such loss or damage in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement, and Contractor shall be reimbursed for all 
such costs plus the cost of extended overhead (including for home
 
55

------------------------------------------------------------------------
office costs and field non-manual and procurement costs). Contractor shall 
act on behalf of Owner, at Owner’s request, for the purpose of adjusting 
any loss to Owner’s Equipment.


Alternative A-1:

15.2 Owner’s Controlled Insurance Program. The Owner will procure, maintain 
and pay premiums for the following insurance (the “OCIP”) for Contractor 
and Subcontractors of any tier who have enrolled in the OCIP as provided 
below (except as otherwise indicated in this Section 15.2) and other 
entities covered by these insurance requirements:

(a) Workers Compensation and Employers Liability:

(i) Statutory – Amount and coverage as required by law, including any 
applicable provision for voluntary Workers Compensation.

(ii) Employers Liability – A minimum of *** each Accident, *** each 
Employee, and *** Policy Limit Disease.

(b) Commercial General Liability to cover Contractor and enrolled 
Subcontractors of any tier performing Work under this Agreement from claims 
for damages for bodily injury, including accidental death, as well as from 
claims for property damages which may arise from operations under this 
Agreement, whether such operations are conducted by Contractor, any 
enrolled Subcontractor or by anyone directly or indirectly employed or 
retained by any of them. The Owner shall procure and maintain insurance 
coverage for direct operations, sublet work, elevators, contractual 
liability, and completed operation with limits not less than those stated 
below:

(i) Bodily Injury and Property Damage Liability, combined single limit of 
*** per each occurrence; *** Annual Aggregate;

(ii) Products and Completed Operations with *** per each occurrence and *** 
aggregate limit;

(iii) Personal and Advertising Injury Limit of *** per occurrence.

(c) Excess liability policy with minimum limits of ***;


General Aggregate Limit Products and Completed Operations for the 
Commercial General Liability coverage will continue for a period of five 
(5) years beyond the earlier of termination of this Agreement and the 
latest of the Substantial Completion Dates of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 
Scrubber. All insurance coverages furnished by Owner under the OCIP shall 
be written by insurance companies approved to do business in the State of 
North Carolina that have (and shall maintain during the applicable policy 
period) a minimum A.M. Best rating of A-VII. Owner shall provide all 
Contractors and enrolled Subcontractors with appropriate certificates of 
insurance evidencing the coverages outlined above and, if requested, shall 
provide the Contractor with a copy of the policy or policies. The 
Commercial General Liability and Excess Liability
 
56

------------------------------------------------------------------------
policies shall be in the name of the Owner, but coverage will be extended 
to Contractors and all enrolled Subcontractors of any tier as insured as 
their interests shall appear, and this shall be so stated on the 
certificate of insurance provided. The Workers’ Compensation and Employer’s 
Liability policy or policies shall be in the name of each Contractor and 
enrolled Subcontractor.


Coverage shall be limited to Site activity or immediate off-Site storage 
and staging areas that are approved by the OCIP insurance companies and 
Owner in writing, unless otherwise approved by Owner. Coverage does not 
extend to activity at off-Site fabrication facilities unless specific 
written arrangements and agreement are made with Owner.


All policies automatically will terminate on the latest of the Substantial 
Completion Dates of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber or policy expiration, 
except for coverage provided under the completed operations of the General 
Liability Policy that may continue for up to *** beyond the latest of the 
Substantial Completion Dates of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber. The 
Worker’s Compensation policies of Contractor and each Subcontractor shall 
automatically terminate upon completion of the Work or annual policy 
expiration.


All insurance coverages furnished under the OCIP shall provide for a waiver 
of subrogation in favor of Contractor and enrolled Subcontractors.


15.3 Excluded Subcontractors. The following Subcontractors and any others 
at the Owner’s reasonable discretion shall be excluded from coverage under 
the OCIP and shall be required to carry their own worker’s compensation and 
commercial general liability insurance for on-Site activities at their own 
expense (unless Owner decides otherwise):

(a) All Subcontractors providing asbestos abatement or environmental 
remediation or testing;

(b) Subcontractors who will not perform any activities on Site (e.g., 
Subcontractors who deliver (but do not install) Equipment or supplies to 
the Site); and

(c) Subcontractors whose subcontracts are for an amount less than *** or 
have an on site payroll estimated to be less than ***.


15.4 Contractor Insurance. Contractor shall, and shall require and ensure 
that each Subcontractor of every tier whether or not enrolled in the OCIP, 
purchase and maintain the insurance coverages listed below as part of the 
Fixed Prices from a company or companies licensed to do business in the 
State of North Carolina that have (and shall maintain during the applicable 
policy period) a minimum A.M. Best rating of A-VII and are reasonably 
acceptable to the Owner. The insurance shall be effective as of the 
Effective Date, and shall be maintained until the latest of the Final 
Completion Dates of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, except for Products 
Liability/Completed Operations coverage, which shall be maintained for *** 
beyond such date. Deductible amounts shall be the responsibility of 
Contractor/Subcontractor. Such insurance will defend and indemnify 
Contractor or such Subcontractor, and Owner and their respective trustees, 
directors, officers, partners, and employees from claims of the type and 
minimum limits as set forth below:

(a) Automobile, Bodily Injury and Property Damage Liability insurance 
covering all automobiles whether owned, non-owned, leased or hired, having 
*** Combined Single Limit;
 
57

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) All Risk Contractor’s Equipment Insurance covering owned, used, and 
leased equipment required to perform the Work. Contractors or 
Subcontractors may elect to self insure such exposure if approved in 
writing by Owner, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld;

(c) Workers Compensation and Employers Liability Insurance covering 
Off-Site Activities Only (if enrolled in the OCIP, otherwise no site 
limitation), and having North Carolina Statutory Limits with All States 
coverage including U.S. Longshoremen’s and Harbor Workers Act Coverage as 
appropriate and Employer’s Liability Limits will be provided with the 
following limits:

(i) *** Each Accident Bodily Injury by Disease;

(ii) *** Policy Limit Bodily Injury by Disease; and

(iii) *** Each Disease Bodily Injury by Disease.

(d) Commercial General Liability Insurance covering Off-Site Activities 
Only (if enrolled in the OCIP, otherwise no site limitation) having limits 
of *** per occurrence, *** Annual Aggregate.

(e) If aircraft are used in performance of the Services (other than for 
aerial photography), Contractor shall provide or cause the operators of 
Aircraft to provide Aircraft Liability Insurance having a per occurrence 
limit of ***.

(f) If Ocean Cargo Shipments are made, Contractor shall provide Open Cargo 
Insurance with a combined single limit of the maximum value of shipment, 
including packing, freight duties, and fees.

(g) If performing any design, engineering or architectural Services, 
Professional Liability insurance (also known as errors and omissions 
insurance), which shall insure Contractor’s/Subcontractor’s liability 
arising out of or relating to any design, engineering, or architectural 
Services having a project specific limit of *** with three year’s after 
completion of the Work reporting requirement for claims made forms.

Prior to beginning Work at the Site, Contractor and each Subcontractor of 
every tier shall furnish to the Owner’s designated OCIP administrator 
industry standard ACORD or Owner approved form certificates evidencing the 
above coverages. All coverages and certificates further shall show Owner as 
an additional insured (except Worker’s Compensation). All insurance 
coverage (except Professional Liability, if any) shall include a waiver of 
subrogation rights by the insurer against Owner.


15.5 Contractor Limited Contribution for Losses. To the extent Contractor 
or one of its enrolled Subcontractors causes a loss or liability covered 
under the OCIP for which Contractor or one of its enrolled Subcontractors 
is liable, Contractor shall pay to Owner the
 
58

------------------------------------------------------------------------
amount of the loss or liability up to *** per occurrence. However, 
Contractor shall not be obligated to make any such payment for losses or 
liability covered by the Workers Compensation policy. ***.


15.6 General Requirements.


The provisions of this Article 15 do not modify or change any 
responsibility of Contractor or any of its Subcontractors as stated 
elsewhere in this Agreement. Owner assumes no responsibility for the 
solvency of any insurer to settle any claim. The insurance requirements 
herein are separate and apart from and in no way limit Contractor’s 
Indemnity as stated in Section 14 of this Agreement. Anything herein to the 
contrary notwithstanding, the liabilities of Contractor under this 
Agreement shall survive and not be terminated, reduced or otherwise limited 
by any expiration or termination of insurance coverages. Neither approval 
nor failure to disapprove insurance furnished by Contractor shall relive 
Contractor from responsibility to provide insurance as required by this 
Agreement.

(a) Contractor warrants and represents that, for the coverages provided 
under the OCIP, all insurance costs have been excluded from Contractor’s 
costs (including all tier Subcontractor’s costs) used in the calculation of 
the Contract Price and will be excluded from Contractor’s costs used in the 
calculation of any change in the Contract Price associated with a Change 
Order.

(b) At any time prior to completion of the Work, Owner may terminate or 
modify the OCIP upon forty-five (45) days advance written notice to 
Contractor and all enrolled Subcontractors. The Contractor and all enrolled 
Subcontractors shall then obtain replacement insurance coverage and limits 
as reasonably required by Owner and the reasonable costs of such 
replacement insurance will be reimbursed by the Owner. Written evidence of 
such insurance shall be provided to the Owner within the forty-five (45) 
day notice period.

(c) The Owner’s OCIP Insurance administrator (the “OCIP Administrator”) 
shall be [OCIP Broker] at:

[OCIP Broker]
Attn:                                              
(Address)                                     
(Telephone)                                 
(Facsimile)                                  
(E-Mail)                                      

(d) Each Subcontractor not excluded from OCIP coverage under Section 15.3 
shall seek enrollment in the OCIP by giving written notice to the OCIP 
Administrator, in writing, within two (2) Business Days after the award of 
any Subcontract providing the following information:

1. Subcontract Number
 
59

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. Legal Name of Subcontractor

3. Address

4. Telephone, persons to contact

5. Estimated amount of Subcontract

6. Estimated dates the Subcontract Work will commence and will be completed

7. Type(s) of Work to be performed

It is the responsibility of Contractor to cause all such Subcontractors of 
all tiers to give such written notice to the OCIP administrator. 
Subcontractors who are not enrolled in the OCIP shall not be covered by the 
OCIP.

(e) Neither Contractor nor any Subcontractor to be enrolled shall commence 
Work at the Site until it has properly enrolled in the OCIP. The OCIP 
Administrator will endeavor to streamline this process, will provide 
assistance as needed, and will accept facsimile applications for 
enrollment.

(f) Contractor and each Subcontractor enrolled under the OCIP must provide 
a completed monthly payroll report in a format to be provided by the OCIP 
Administrator in an enrollment package. This should be returned to the OCIP 
Administrator no later than the tenth (10th) day of the following month.

(g) All dividends or refunds payable under OCIP provided insurance policies 
shall be the property of the Owner, and are hereby assigned to the Owner.

(h) Contractor and each Subcontractor shall report all accidents and shall 
assist in every manner reasonable in the investigation of any accident. 
Upon request, Contractor and each Subcontractor shall cooperate with the 
Owner and the insurance company designated by the Owner in the handling of 
any claim by securing and giving evidence and obtaining the attendance of 
witnesses as required for any claim or suit.

(i) Contractor and each enrolled Subcontractor shall furnish the OCIP 
Administrator and the insurance company designated by the Owner with 
information required to issue any insurance policies to be provided under 
these specifications. If requested by the Owner, Contractor and each 
enrolled Subcontractor shall attend a meeting held to explain and discuss 
the OCIP.

(j) The Contractor shall incorporate a copy of these insurance requirements 
in each Subcontract and shall require each enrolled Subcontractor of any 
tier to whom these requirements apply to fully comply with these insurance 
requirements.
 
60

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(k) Contractor shall not attempt to exercise any right to cancel any OCIP 
provided policy without the express written consent of the Owner.

(l) Coverage provided under the OCIP does not limit the liability of 
Contractor under this Agreement.


Alternative A-2:

(If Owner elects not to provide an Owner’s Controlled Insurance Program.)

15.2 Contractor Controlled Insurance Program (CCIP), Contractor’s Insurance 
and Subcontractor’s Insurance.

(f) From the Effective Date until the latest of the Final Completion Dates 
of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, and at its own expense, and without 
limiting its indemnity obligations under this Agreement, Contractor shall, 
and shall ensure that its Subcontractors, secure and maintain during the 
term of this Agreement the following insurance coverages, in forms approved 
by Owner (which approval evaluation shall not be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed) and with insurance companies approved to do business in the State 
of North Carolina that have (and shall maintain during the applicable 
policy period) a minimum A.M. Best rating of A-VII. The insurance shall be 
effective as of the Effective Date and shall be maintained until the latest 
of the Final Completion Dates of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, except for 
Products Liability/Completed Operations coverage, which shall be maintained 
for five (5) years beyond such date. Deductible amounts shall be the sole 
responsibility of Contractor or its Subcontractors. Liability insurance 
coverage limits set forth below are minimums and dedicated to Services 
performed for Owner related to the Project.
 
Type
   	
Coverage Amount

  a)      Workers’ Compensation including U.S. Longshoremen’s and Harbor
  Workers Act Coverage or other required coverage as appropriate and
  including b) below

   	Statutory

  b)      Employers Liability

   	$*** each accident; $*** each employee disease; $*** policy limit 
disease

  c)      Commercial General Liability Insurance shall be written ISO
  occurrence Form (CG 00 01 10 01) or equivalent and must include the
  following:

   	$*** per occurrence with $*** annual aggregate project specific (with 
dedicated coverage amounts fully available to any obligations under this 
Agreement)

  •       Products Liability/Completed Operations for *** beyond the latest
  of the Final Completion Dates of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber

   	
 
61

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Type
   	
Coverage Amount
  •       Coverage for all premises and operations. The policy shall be
  endorsed to provide the Designated Construction Project(s) General
  Aggregate Limit Endorsement (ISO CG 2503, Ed 03/97)
 
  •       If Work to be performed includes construction or demolition
  operations within 50 feet of any railroad property and affecting any
  railroad bridge or trestle, tracks, road-beds, tunnel, underpass or
  crossing, then such policy will include a Railroad’s Contractual
  Liability Endorsement (ISO CG 2417, Ed 01/96);
 
  •       Coverage for demolition and removal of any building or structure,
  collapse, explosion, blasting, excavation and damage to property below
  the surface of the ground (XCU coverage).
 
  •       Hazard and Personal Injury, with Employee Exclusion and
  Contractual Exclusion Deleted
   	

  d)      Business Automobile Insurance on ISO form (CA 00 01 10 01) or
  equivalent. Must include coverage for the following:

   	$*** per occurrence
  (1)    owned motor vehicles;
 
  (2)    hired motor vehicles; and
 
  (3)    other non-owned vehicles
 
  (4)    coverage for certain railroad operations CA2070 10/01
   	

  e)      If aircraft are used in performance of the Services, Contractor
  shall provide or cause the operators of Aircraft to provide Aircraft
  Liability Insurance

   	$*** combined single limit

  f)      If Ocean Cargo Shipments are made, Contractor shall provide Open
  Cargo Insurance

   	The maximum value of shipment, including packing, freight duties, and 
fees
 
62

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Type
   	
Coverage Amount
  g)      Umbrella/Excess Liability Insurance following form and excess of
  coverages in sections b, c and d (not required excess of d if CCIP)
  above.
 
  Hired and Non-Owned automobile coverage endorsed for Owner and
  Contractor.
   	$*** project specific per occurrence and annual aggregate (with 
dedicated coverage amounts that are fully available to any obligations 
under this Agreement)

  h)      If performing any design, engineering or architectural services,
  Professional Liability Insurance (also known as errors and omissions
  insurance), which shall insure Contractor’s/Subcontractor’s liability
  arising out of or relating to any design, engineering, or architectural
  Services.

   	$*** project specific limit with three year’s after completion of the 
Work reporting requirement for claims made forms.


15.3 General Requirements:

(a) The provisions of this Article do not modify or change any 
responsibility of Contractor or its Subcontractors as stated elsewhere in 
this Agreement. Owner assumes no responsibility for the solvency of any 
insurer to settle any claim. The insurance requirements herein are separate 
and apart from and in no way limit Contractor’s Indemnity as stated in 
Section 14 of this Agreement. Anything herein to the contrary 
notwithstanding, the liabilities of Contractor under this Agreement shall 
survive and not be terminated, reduced or otherwise limited by any 
expiration or termination of insurance coverages. Neither approval nor 
failure to disapprove insurance furnished by Contractor shall relieve 
Contractor from responsibility to provide insurance as required by this 
Agreement. No policy shall contain an exclusion that it would not respond 
to cover losses for damages to any Owner pre-existing property. All 
policies of insurance required hereunder shall be endorsed or shall 
otherwise provide that Contractor’s insurance shall be primary with respect 
to Contractor’s acts or omissions and not be in excess of, or contributing 
with, any insurance maintained by Owner (other than any Builders Risk as 
provided in this Agreement). Owner and its successors and assigns 
(including the Financial Institutions) shall be named as additional 
insureds for their imputed liability as a result of Contractor’s negligent 
operations hereunder, using ISO additional insured (CG 20 10) or 
equivalent, under all policies of liability insurance to be maintained by 
Contractor (except Worker’s Compensation Insurance and Professional
 
63

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liability). The liability policies of insurance shall be endorsed or shall 
otherwise include a severability of interest or cross liability clause. The 
policies set forth in this Article shall each contain a provision that 
coverages afforded under the policies will not be cancelled, renewed or 
materially modified unless at least sixty (60) Days prior written notice 
via certified United States mail has been given to Contractor and Owner or 
to any other entities as herein or hereinafter required, at the address so 
provided to the insurance company. All insurance required by this Article 
shall be provided by companies that have (and shall maintain during the 
applicable policy period) an AM Best Rating of A- VII or higher. 
Certificates shall be provided to Owner on industry standard ACORD or Owner 
approved form showing such coverage in full force and effect shall be 
delivered to Owner within thirty (30) Days of the Effective Date, within 
ten (10) Days of each policy renewal or change and from time to time 
thereafter, as may be requested by Owner. All policies shall include 
waivers of any right of subrogation of the insurers there under against 
Owner and its successors and assigns (including the Financial Institutions) 
using standard ISO forms or equivalent. The existence of any self-insured 
retentions (SIRS) over which the required policies apply must be disclosed 
to and approved by Owner. Contractor shall provide copies of CCIP placement 
and renewal policies and all endorsements to the Owner not later than sixty 
(60) Days following placement or renewal.

(b) Contractor shall comply with the conditions stipulated in each of the 
insurance policies. None of the insurance coverage required hereunder shall 
be on “claims-made” forms, except Professional Liability. Coverage amounts 
must be fully available to any obligations under this Agreement (not eroded 
by any other project or agreement) and apply on an annual basis. CCIP 
provisions for excluding Subcontractors must be disclosed and approved by 
Owner in writing prior to CCIP effective date.

(c) If any of the insurance required under this Article (other than 
project-specific insurance) shall be directly or indirectly depleted by *** 
or more (whether due to payment of insurance proceeds, creation of a 
reserve or otherwise), Contractor shall obtain from the insurer a 
reinstatement option, if commercially available at a cost comparable to the 
original policy cost, to each such policy at least equal to the depleted 
amount. Owner shall bear the cost of such option (including the cost 
associated with the reinstatement). Contractor shall cause such insurer to 
send to Owner a notice of such reinstatement and a copy of the reinstated 
policy related thereto upon Owner exercising and payment for the 
reinstatement.

(d) The insurance policies required by this Article shall allow for 
occupancy and utilization of the Facility, the Equipment and the Site by 
Owner, its Affiliates and any person reasonably permitted access thereto by 
Owner, including any representatives of the Financial Institutions.

(e) During the time any Subcontractor is engaged to perform any Service 
under this Agreement, Contractor shall obtain a certificate of insurance 
from such Subcontractor evidencing that such Subcontractor has obtained, 
and will maintain and keep in full force and effect (required only for 
off-Site Work if covered by CCIP, otherwise for all Subcontractor Work), 
Worker’s Compensation in statutory amounts, Employer’s Liability, 
Commercial General Liability, Automobile Insurance and all other
 
64

------------------------------------------------------------------------
policies reasonably necessary to perform such Service with adequate 
coverages and in such amounts in accordance with Contractor’s normal 
practices and consistent with Good Industry Practices, and provide Owner 
with evidence acceptable to Owner of such coverage, or Contractor shall 
maintain such coverage under its own insurance policies or CCIP. Contractor 
shall ensure that all Subcontractors obtain and maintain prudent insurance 
coverages. All Subcontractor coverages shall waive subrogation rights 
against Owner and Contractor, and shall name Owner, Contractor and all 
covered Subcontractors as additional insured (except Workers Compensation 
and Professional Liability).

(f) Any certificates of renewal with respect to any insurance policy 
required to be maintained by Contractor hereunder shall be delivered to 
Owner promptly after renewal. Contractor shall insure that the insurer 
shall submit a copy of all receipts for premiums paid to Owner promptly 
after payment of such premiums. Contractor shall be solely responsible for 
the timely payment in full of premiums for all insurance required of it 
hereunder. Should Contractor fail to provide or maintain any insurance 
required hereunder, Owner shall have the right, but not the obligation, to 
provide or maintain any such insurance, and to deduct the cost thereof from 
any amounts due and payable to Contractor, or, in the event there are no 
such amounts due and payable, Contractor shall reimburse Owner for such 
costs on demand. Contractor shall not unreasonably refuse to cooperate or 
to take any actions requested or necessary to prosecute any claims under 
any insurance policy required to be maintained by Contractor hereunder.

(g) With respect to ocean marine shipments, Contractor shall obtain at 
least fifteen (15) Days prior to any such shipment, cargo insurance 
covering “all risks” of loss or damage to property shipped, components of 
property shipped, or items contained in or shipped in or with the property 
shipped. This coverage is to be written on a replacement cost basis and in 
the full insurable value of these items, including packing and freight 
charges plus duties and fees. The coverage required by this paragraph shall 
continue in effect until appropriate coverage commences at the Site.
 
16. 	PROJECT CREDIT SUPPORT

16.1 Parental Guarantee. The obligations of Contractor under this Agreement 
shall be secured by a Guarantee in the form of Exhibit J-1 attached hereto 
and executed and delivered by the Guarantor. Contractor hereby represents 
and warrants that Guarantor is ***. From the Effective Date until Final 
Completion of each Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, Contractor shall, upon 
request of Owner, cause Guarantor to deliver to Owner (a) within *** Days 
following the end of each fiscal year, a copy of Guarantor’s annual report 
(or, if there is no such report, a copy of such report for its parent 
company) containing audited, consolidated financial statements for such 
fiscal year, and (b) within *** Days after the end of each of its first 
three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year, a copy of Guarantor’s quarterly 
report (or, if there is no such report, a copy of such report for its 
parent company) containing unaudited consolidated financial statements for 
such fiscal quarter. In all cases, the statements shall be prepared in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. To the extent 
such quarterly reports are not available, upon the reasonable request of 
Owner in response to a credit event in the marketplace, Guarantor shall 
provide unaudited management financial information for such fiscal quarter.
 
65

------------------------------------------------------------------------
16.2 Standby Letter of Credit.

(i) Upon the Effective Date, Contractor shall obtain and provide to Owner 
an irrevocable standby letter of credit in an initial amount equal to $*** 
in favor of Owner in the form attached as Exhibit J-2 (as the same may be 
amended or replaced from time to time in accordance with this Section 16.2
, the “Standby Letter of Credit”). The Standby Letter of Credit shall be 
issued by a U.S. commercial bank or a foreign bank with a U.S. branch with 
total assets of at least $5 billion having a general long-term senior 
unsecured debt rating of A - or higher (as rated by Standard & Poor’s 
Rating Group) or A3 or higher (as rated by Moody’s Investor Services, Inc.) 
and shall permit presentation at a bank located in Charlotte, NC, Atlanta, 
GA, or New York, NY. If at any time the Standby Letter of Credit fails to 
meet the foregoing conditions, Contractor shall replace the outstanding 
Standby Letter of Credit with a Standby Letter of Credit that meets the 
foregoing conditions. Contractor shall ensure that the Standby Letter of 
Credit shall be renewed or replaced on an annual basis and shall remain in 
full force and outstanding until the expiration of the Warranty Period, as 
such period may be extended pursuant to Section 13.3. If Contractor fails 
to renew or replace the Standby Letter of Credit at least thirty (30) Days 
prior to the expiration thereof, then, in the sole and absolute discretion 
of Owner, Owner shall be entitled to draw and retain until the end of the 
Warranty Period the full amount of such Standby Letter of Credit. Such 
retained amount, less any amount offset against such retained amount for 
claims, shall be returned to Contractor promptly upon expiration of the 
Warranty Period.

(ii) Contractor shall cause such Standby Letter of Credit to be amended or 
replaced as of each date set forth in the Letter of Credit Value Chart 
attached as Exhibit J-3 (the “Letter of Credit Value Chart”) so that the 
amount of such amended or replacement Standby Letter of Credit is revised 
to be equal to the amount set forth in the Letter of Credit Value Chart 
attached as Exhibit J-3. In the event of a Force Majuere or any other delay 
in completion of a payment Milestone in the Schedule, including a delay 
which results in a revision to the Cash Flow Plan or any component thereof, 
or in the event of a Change Order (or series of Change Orders) that 
increases or decreases, cumulatively, the Contract Price by more than ***, 
Owner, in its reasonable discretion, shall be entitled to make an equitable 
adjustment to the Letter of Credit Value Chart to take into account such 
event, in which case Contractor shall amend, replace or supplement the 
then-outstanding Standby Letter of Credit to reflect the adjustment made to 
the Letter of Credit Value Chart. Owner shall not be obligated to make 
further Invoice payments, approve any such Change Order or modify the 
Schedule until Contractor shall have provided Owner with such amended, 
replacement or supplemental Standby Letter of Credit.

(iii) Contractor shall invoice Owner on a quarterly basis for the fees 
charged by the issuing financial institution for the issuance of the 
Standby Letter of Credit (including any amendment or replacement thereto) 
from the Effective Date through the Warranty Period, but without any 
administrative charges or Contractor profit added to such financial 
institution fees. For any equitable increase to the Letter of Credit Value 
Chart after the Effective Date, Owner shall pay the then-current fees 
charged by the issuing institution for such amendment, replacement or 
supplement. Contractor shall provide such documentation and materials as 
Owner may reasonably require to substantiate the Letter of Credit fees 
(including the fees for any amendment, replacement or supplement thereto).
 
66

------------------------------------------------------------------------
16.3 Cooperation with Owner Financing.

(a) Contractor shall promptly provide to Owner (i) all cooperation that 
Owner reasonably requests to make presentations to potential Financial 
Institutions and their consultants and representatives and to respond to 
any questions or requirements asked or imposed by any Financial 
Institutions, including any requests for financial information relating to 
Contractor, and (ii) all cooperation that Owner reasonably requests with 
respect to the Financial Institutions and their consultants and 
representatives, including developing and providing information regarding 
the Project (if available to Contractor) and this Agreement. Contractor 
shall provide the Financial Institutions with reasonable access to, and 
will permit them to review, the Documentation. In addition, Contractor 
shall provide the Financial Institutions with (A) the right to receive and 
render performance and to give reasonable time to cure defaults by Owner, 
on behalf of Owner, under this Agreement, (B) reasonable access to the Site 
and any other location where Services, including testing, are performed for 
the purposes of inspecting the Equipment and the Owner Equipment, provided 
that any such inspection does not unreasonably interfere with or delay 
Contractor’s performance of the Services and (C) such access to 
documentation in relation to this Agreement or the Work at such times as 
Owner shall reasonably request. For any additional time required by any 
Financial Institution to cure any defaults of Owner hereunder, which 
defaults interfere in Contractor’s ability to perform the Services, 
Contractor shall be entitled to an equitable adjustment in the Schedule in 
accordance with Article 8.

(b) Contractor hereby consents to the collateral assignment of this 
Agreement to the Financial Institutions. Contractor also shall enter into a 
consent to assignment with the Financial Institutions regarding this 
Agreement which shall contain provisions that are typically provided to 
financial institutions in similar project financing, including the right to 
render and receive performance under this Agreement, and giving the 
Financial Institutions copies of notices delivered to Owner under this 
Agreement. Owner will be entitled to assign, and Contractor shall ensure 
that the relevant instruments permit the assignment of, the benefit of any 
parental guarantee, Standby Letter of Credit or other financial instrument 
at any time to the Financial Institutions without the consent of Contractor 
or the issuer of such parental guarantee, Standby Letter of Credit or other 
financial instrument being required.
 
17. 	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

17.1 No Consequential Damages. ***
 
67

------------------------------------------------------------------------
THEREOF, LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES OR THE LOSS OF USE THEREOF, OR COST OF 
PURCHASED OR REPLACEMENT POWER (INCLUDING ADDITIONAL EXPENSES INCURRED IN 
USING EXISTING POWER FACILITIES) OR FROM CLAIMS OF CUSTOMERS OF CONTRACTOR 
OR OWNER.


17.2 Maximum Total Liability. FOR UNIT 6 OR THE UNIT 5 SCRUBBER, 
CONTRACTOR’S AND ITS SUBCONTRACTORS’ TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO OWNER 
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING 
NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE), GUARANTEE, WARRANTY OR 
OTHERWISE, SHALL NOT EXCEED FORTY PERCENT (40%) OF THE RESPECTIVE CONTRACT 
PRICE FOR UNIT 6 OR THE UNIT 5 SCRUBBER, AS MAY BE ADJUSTED BY CHANGE ORDER 
(THE “MAXIMUM LIABILITY AMOUNT”); PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY 
AMOUNT SHALL NOT APPLY TO, AND NO CREDIT SHALL BE ISSUED AGAINST THAT 
LIMITATION FOR (A) A PARTY’S INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER FOR THIRD 
PARTY CLAIMS FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, (B) THE PROCEEDS FROM 
PROPERTY OR BUILDER’S RISK INSURANCE THAT A PARTY IS REQUIRED TO MAINTAIN 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS AGREEMENT, (C) CLAIMS WHICH ARISE FROM A BREACH OF 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER ARTICLE 18 OR ARTICLE 19 OR (D) ANY PROCEEDS COLLECTED BY 
OWNER FROM THE VENDORS THAT ARE PARTY TO THE EXISTING LNTPS WITH RESPECT TO 
THE EQUIPMENT PROCURED PURSUANT THERETO.


17.3 Protected Parties. ALL THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ARTICLE SHALL ALSO 
PROTECT DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS OF EACH PARTY AND THEIR 
RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES AND SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE NEGLIGENCE OR 
STRICT LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE 
DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS.


17.4 Precedence. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ARTICLE SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING 
ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND SHALL NOT BE AMENDED BY ANY 
PRE-PRINTED TERMS ON ANY PURCHASE ORDER, BILL OF LADING OR OTHER COMMERCIAL 
DOCUMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES.


17.5 ***. For Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber, *** for which Contractor may 
be liable to the Owner under this Agreement shall in no event exceed *** of 
the respective Contract Price for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber, as may be 
amended by Change Order; provided, that such *** shall not limit Owner’s 
remedies under this Agreement for other breaches, actions, or omissions of 
Contractor hereunder.
 
18. 	LIENS

18.1 Liens. Contractor shall keep the Facility, the Site, the Equipment and 
the Owner Equipment free from all Liens (other than Liens arising from 
non-payment and other acts of Owner), and shall promptly notify Owner of 
any Liens. If Owner seeks Contractor’s indemnification for any Lien, Owner 
shall:

(a) give Contractor prompt notice of any Lien of which it has knowledge;
 
68

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) cooperate in the defense of the Lien at Contractor’s expense; and

(c) give Contractor sole control of the defense and settlement, to the 
extent of Contractor’s liability, for the Lien; provided, that Contractor 
shall promptly confirm in writing its obligation to indemnify Owner with 
respect to all costs and expenses with respect to the Lien.


18.2 Discharge or Bond. Contractor shall take prompt steps to discharge or 
bond any Lien filed by any Subcontractor based on a claim for payment by 
Contractor in connection with the Work (unless such Lien is due to the 
non-payment by Owner of a Milestone Payment amount which is not the subject 
of a good faith dispute). If Contractor fails to so discharge or promptly 
bond any such Lien, Owner shall have the right, upon notifying Contractor 
in writing and providing Contractor reasonable time to discharge or bond 
the Lien, to take any and all reasonable actions and steps to satisfy, 
defend settle or otherwise remove the Lien at Contractor’s expense, 
including reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses. Owner shall have 
the right to deduct and offset any expenses so incurred from any payment 
due, or which may become due, to Contractor under this Agreement or to 
recover those expenses from Contractor. Contractor shall have the right to 
contest any Lien, provided it first must provide to the lienholder, a court 
or other third Person, as applicable, a bond or other assurances of payment 
necessary to remove the Lien and all other encumbrances related to the Work 
from the Site and the Facility in accordance with the Laws of the State.
 
19. 	INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

19.1 Delivery of Documentation. Prior to Final Completion of Unit 6 or the 
Unit 5 Scrubber, Contractor shall supply to Owner physical and electronic 
copies of all Documentation with respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber. 
All such Documentation shall include any corrections, improvements, and 
enhancements to such Documentation that were incorporated during the 
construction of the Project and shall be of an “as-built” status (for 
certain agreed systems and documents) upon Final Completion of Unit 6 or 
the Unit 5 Scrubber. Contractor shall provide Owner during the Warranty 
Period at no additional cost, any corrections to errors discovered by 
Contractor or Owner in the Documentation subsequent to Final Completion of 
Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber. Contractor shall promptly notify Owner of 
the discovery of any such errors.


19.2 Ownership of Rights in Documentation. All rights, title and interests 
in and to the paid-up Documentation shall be owned by Owner; provided, that 
all rights, title and interests in and to Contractor Confidential 
Information within the Documentation shall remain with Contractor or its 
licensors. For such Contractor Confidential Information, Contractor hereby 
grants to Owner a non-transferable (except only as part of the sale or 
transfer of the Facility), royalty-free, fully paid up, irrevocable, 
nonexclusive license to use and copy such Contractor Confidential 
Information, but only for the purposes of Facility maintenance, operation, 
training, modification, consultation, repair and compliance with Laws, and 
subject to the restrictions on Contractor Confidential Information set 
forth in Article 20.
 
69

------------------------------------------------------------------------
19.3 Ownership of Invention Rights. Contractor shall retain the ownership 
rights in any and all discoveries and inventions (patentable or 
un-patentable) that Contractor makes, creates, develops, discovers or 
produces in connection with the design, manufacture, testing, analysis, 
maintenance or construction of the Project or performance of the Services; 
provided, however, that Contractor hereby grants to Owner a transferable 
(but only as part of the sale or transfer of the Facility), royalty-free, 
fully paid up, irrevocable, nonexclusive license to use such discoveries 
and inventions for the purposes of Facility maintenance, operation, 
training, modification, consultation, repair, decommissioning and 
compliance with Laws.


19.4 Disclosure of Documentation. Owner may disclose or otherwise make 
available paid-up Documentation to a third party with whom Owner contracts 
for maintenance, operation, training, modification, repair, consultation or 
decommissioning; provided, that, if such Documentation contains 
Contractor’s Confidential Information, the provisions of Article 20 shall 
apply.


19.5 Other Licenses. To the extent that a license may be required under any 
patent, trade secret right or other proprietary right of Contractor or 
Subcontractor to maintain, operate, conduct training, modify, repair, or 
decommission the Facility in connection with the Project, Contractor hereby 
grants to Owner a non-transferable (except only as part of the sale or 
transfer of the Facility), royalty-free, fully paid up, irrevocable, 
nonexclusive license under such patent, trade secret and other proprietary 
right for such purposes.
 
20. 	CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

20.1 Confidentiality Obligations. Each Party agrees: (a) to treat the other 
Party’s Confidential Information as confidential and to take reasonable 
precautions to prevent unauthorized disclosure or use of the other Party’s 
Confidential Information, such precautions taken being at least as great as 
the precautions taken by such Party to protect its own Confidential 
Information (but in no case less than reasonable care); (b) not to disclose 
the other Party’s Confidential Information to any third party other than as 
provided in Section 20.2 below or with other Party’s prior written 
authorization; and (c) not to use the other Party’s Confidential 
Information except for the performance of this Agreement, the compliance 
with Laws, or the maintenance, operation, training, modification, repair, 
consultation or decommissioning of the Facility.


20.2 Permitted Disclosures. A Party may disclose the other Party’s 
Confidential Information to third parties as follows:

(a) A Party may disclose the other Party’s Confidential Information to any 
Government Authority if required to do so, in which case the Party from 
whom such disclosure is required shall (i) give the other Party all 
reasonably possible notice so as to facilitate such other Party being able, 
should it so desire, to seek a protective order or similar protection, and 
(ii) fully cooperate with the other Party’s efforts, at the other Party’s 
expense, to obtain such protection.

(b) Contractor may disclose Owner’s Confidential Information to a 
Subcontractor if (i) such disclosure is necessary for Subcontractor’s 
performance of its subcontract with Contractor and (ii) such Subcontractor 
first executes a written
 
70

------------------------------------------------------------------------
confidentiality agreement with Contractor (unless a confidentiality 
obligation is already included in the Subcontract) in a format reasonably 
acceptable to Owner.

(c) Owner may disclose Contractor’s Confidential Information to (i) 
Financial Institutions; (ii) third parties engaged by Owner to provide 
consultation regarding the Duke Coal Facility; (iii) third parties with 
which Owner contracts for maintenance, operation, training, modification, 
repair, consultation or decommissioning of the Facility; and (iv) 
purchasers and prospective purchasers of the Facility, provided, that in 
any of the foregoing instances the third parties to which disclosure is 
made first execute a written confidentiality agreement with the Owner which 
provides Contractor protections which are at least as strict as the 
requirements set forth herein.


20.3 Publicity. Unless required by law or securities practice and 
regulations, Contractor shall not make any announcement, give any 
photographs, or release any information concerning all or a portion of the 
Work, this Agreement, or the Facility, to any member of the public, press, 
Person, or any official body, without Owner’s prior written consent; 
provided, that Contractor may, at any time after Owner’s first public 
announcement of the Project or this Agreement, include the Project (but not 
the details of this Agreement) in its regular experience lists.
 
21. 	ENVIRONMENTAL; HAZARDOUS MATERIALS

21.1 Material Safety Data Sheets. Contractor shall provide to Owner all 
Material Safety Data Sheets covering all Hazardous Materials and hazardous 
chemicals to be furnished, used, applied, or stored by Contractor, or any 
of its Subcontractors, at the Site in connection with the Services. 
Contractor shall provide Owner’s Project Director with copies of any such 
Material Safety Data Sheets prior to entry at the Site or with a document 
certifying that no Hazardous Materials or hazardous chemicals will be 
brought onto the Site by Contractor, or any of its Subcontractors, during 
the performance of the Services. Contractor shall coordinate with Owner’s 
Project Director to provide a listing of all of Contractor’s hazardous 
chemicals and their quantities at the Site for purposes of chemical 
inventory reporting pursuant to 40 C.F.R. Part 370 and similar State 
regulations.


21.2 Facility Use, Storage Removal. When the use or storage of explosives 
or other Hazardous Materials or equipment is necessary for the performance 
of the Services, Contractor shall exercise the utmost care and shall 
carryon its activities under the supervision of properly qualified 
personnel in accordance with all applicable Laws. Before Substantial 
Completion of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber, Contractor shall remove from 
the Site in accordance with all applicable Laws all explosives and other 
Hazardous Materials that Contractor or its Subcontractors brought onto the 
Site or hazardous chemicals and equipment Contractor or its Subcontractors 
used, or stored at the Site or any neighboring property, unless the same 
have been permanently incorporated into the Facility. All such equipment 
and materials shall be removed in accordance with all applicable Laws, and 
Contractor shall so certify in writing to Owner.


21.3 Notice of Presence. Prior to bringing any Hazardous Material or other 
hazardous chemicals to the Site, Contractor shall provide written notice to 
Owner identifying any such Hazardous Materials or hazardous chemicals that 
Contractor, or its Subcontractors, proposes to bring onto the Site.
 
71

------------------------------------------------------------------------
21.4 Labeling; Training. Contractor shall label all Hazardous Materials 
that Contractor or its Subcontractors bring to the Site and train all 
employees and other Persons, as necessary, in the safe use of such 
Hazardous Materials as required by all applicable Laws.


21.5 Handling, Collection, Removal Transportation and Disposal.

(a) Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties, Contractor shall be responsible 
for the proper handling, collection, and containerizing of all Hazardous 
Materials generated or brought onto the Site by Contractor or any 
Subcontractor or spilled or introduced into or at the Site by Contractor or 
any Subcontractor, including any Hazardous Materials furnished, used, 
applied or stored at the Site by Contractor, including, used oils, greases, 
and solvents from flushing and cleaning processes performed under the 
Agreement. Such Hazardous Materials will then be delivered to Owner for 
proper storage, transportation and disposal. All activities performed by 
Contractor in connection with the handling, collection and containerizing 
of such Hazardous Materials shall be performed in accordance with the 
requirements of all Government Authorities and all applicable Laws. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Contractor has no obligations and/or liability with 
respect to the handling, collection or containerizing of any pre-existing 
Hazardous Materials except to the extent the willful misconduct or wanton 
acts of Contractor or its Subcontractors caused the release of such 
pre-existing Hazardous Materials.

(b) Contractor has included time in the Schedule and costs in the Contract 
Price for satisfying its obligations as to all Hazardous Materials that it 
is responsible for under this Agreement by virtue of such Hazardous 
Materials being brought onto the Site by Contractor or its Subcontractors. 
Contractor shall not seek, and shall not be entitled to receive, any 
increase in the Contract Price or extension of time in the Schedule as a 
result of satisfying it obligations with respect as to any such Hazardous 
Materials brought onto the Site by Contractor or its Subcontractors, 
including the handling, collection, or containerizing of such Hazardous 
Materials.


21.6 Notice of Discovery. Contractor shall provide prompt written notice to 
Owner of all suspected Hazardous Materials that Contractor finds during 
performance of the Services.


21.7 Policies and Procedures. Contractor shall adhere to all Site policies 
and procedures for environmental compliance, including Owner’s 
Environmental Work Practices Manual and Hazardous Material safety programs. 
If no such Site policies or procedures exist, Contractor shall develop, 
implement and enforce effective written policies and procedures applicable 
to the Services, within the framework of all applicable Laws, for general 
Site safety and the proper labeling, handling, collection and 
containerizing of any Hazardous Materials at the Site in order to ensure 
the highest standards of prudent practice at the Site for the safety of all 
employees, agents and representatives of Contractor and any of its 
Subcontractors.


21.8 Asbestos Containing Products. Except as otherwise authorized by Owner 
in writing, all Equipment or Owner Equipment furnished, delivered or 
installed by Contractor and all materials and tools used by Contractor in 
the performance of the Services at the Site shall contain zero percent 
asbestos or refractory ceramic fibers. If Owner authorizes in writing such 
delivery or use, Contractor shall clearly mark all containers or other 
materials containing asbestos or refractory ceramic fibers, and such 
containers or materials shall be sealed to prevent
 
72

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any leakage of asbestos or ceramic fibers. Contractor shall indemnify, 
defend and hold harmless Owner from and against any and all claims, demands 
and damages incurred from any unauthorized asbestos or refractory ceramic 
furnished or delivered to or installed at the Site by Contractor or any 
Subcontractor.


21.9 Pre-Existing Hazardous Material. Owner shall indemnify Contractor and 
its Subcontractors from any liability in connection with any pre-existing 
Hazardous Material, except to the extent such liability was caused by the 
willful misconduct or wanton acts or omissions of Contractor or its 
Subcontractors. Except as provided above, Owner shall at all times remain 
the responsible party for all pre-existing Hazardous Material and its 
remediation. Any assistance provided by Contractor shall be pursuant to a 
mutually agreed Change Order, and Contractor shall be entitled to a Change 
Order for equitable price and/or schedule adjustment if its cost or 
performance is impacted by the discovery of any pre-existing Hazardous 
Materials.
 
22. 	TITLE: RISK OF LOSS

22.1 Transfer of Title: Security Interest. Except as otherwise expressly 
provided in this Agreement, good, exclusive and marketable title, free and 
clear of all Liens (other than Liens created by the non-payment by Owner of 
a Milestone Payment amount which is not the subject of a good faith 
dispute), to the Equipment and to each of the constituent parts thereof 
shall pass to Owner upon the (i) delivery of such Equipment or constituent 
part thereof to the Site and (ii) payment of the amount then due under a 
Invoice covering such Equipment or constituent part of such Equipment, 
notwithstanding any disputed amounts withheld or offset by Owner against 
any payment sought by Contractor in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement. The passage of title to Owner shall not be deemed an acceptance 
or approval of such Equipment (or any Service), affect the allocation of 
risk of loss, affect any security interest in favor of Owner therein or 
otherwise relieve Contractor of any obligation under this Agreement to 
provide and pay for transportation and storage in connection with the 
Equipment. Further, upon the passage of title, the Equipment, constituent 
parts thereof and the unused spare parts shall be specifically excluded 
from the bankruptcy estate of Contractor in the event of any bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding involving Contractor. Regardless of whether title has 
passed to Owner, Contractor hereby grants Owner a continuing security 
interest in all of the Equipment to the extent of the payments made in 
connection therewith, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, wherever 
located and all attachments and accessions thereto and all replacements 
thereof, all drawings, plans and general intangibles related thereto, all 
warranties and contract rights related thereto and all proceeds of the 
foregoing (collectively, the “Collateral”), to secure all past, present and 
future indebtedness and obligations which Contractor owes Owner under this 
Agreement. Contractor shall cause such security interest to constitute, at 
all times, a valid, enforceable, duly perfected, first priority security 
interest in the Collateral superior to all other claims to and interests in 
the Collateral, including the claims of any lender, vendor or Subcontractor 
to Contractor, it being understood that Owner shall be responsible for 
initial perfection of such security interest. Contractor hereby authorizes 
Owner to file financing statements naming Contractor as debtor with respect 
to the Collateral in such jurisdictions as Owner believes are necessary to 
perfect the foregoing security interest. Contractor shall execute and 
deliver at all times requested by Owner all other instruments and documents 
necessary or desirable to establish, perfect or maintain this security 
interest. At the request of Owner, Contractor shall clearly label the 
Collateral with Owner’s name for the purpose of proper identification of 
the Collateral.
 
73

------------------------------------------------------------------------
22.2 Risk of Loss. Whether or not title has passed to Owner, the risk of 
loss for all Equipment shall remain with Contractor until, and shall pass 
to Owner upon, Substantial Completion of Unit 6 or Unit 5 Scrubber; 
provided, that risk of loss to Owner Equipment shall not be the 
responsibility of Contractor until furnished to, and accepted by, 
Contractor. To the extent of the proceeds of BAR insurance, Contractor 
shall be obligated to replace, repair or reconstruct the Equipment that is 
lost, damaged, or destroyed before the risk of loss of the Equipment is 
transferred to Owner. For Equipment or Materials that are removed from the 
Site for repair, replacement or refurbishment under the Warranty, the risk 
of loss to such Equipment or Materials shall pass to Contractor at the time 
of the loading of such Equipment or Materials on the carrier at the Owner’s 
Facility. Owner will resume the risk of loss of such Equipment or Materials 
upon completion of the unloading of the repaired, replaced or refurbished 
Equipment from the carrier at Owner’s Facility.


22.3 Contractor Tools. Risk of loss or damage to the equipment or tools of 
Contractor, all Subcontractors, and their respective employees and agents 
shall at all times remain with those parties, and Owner shall have no 
responsibility for such equipment or tools.
 
23. 	DEFAULT; TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION

23.1 Events of Default. A Party shall be in default of its obligations 
pursuant to this Agreement upon the occurrence of anyone or more of the 
following circumstances (each, a “Default”):

(a) Nonpayment. Such Party fails to pay or cause to be paid any amount that 
has become due and payable by it to the other Party under this Agreement 
within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of written notice that such 
amounts are past due;

(b) Insolvency. Such Party becomes insolvent, or fails generally to pay its 
debts as they become due, or admits in writing its inability to pay its 
debts as they become due, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of 
creditors; commences any case, proceeding or other action seeking 
reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, liquidation, dissolution or 
composition of itself or its debts or assets, or adopts an arrangement with 
creditors, under any bankruptcy, moratorium, rearrangement, insolvency, 
reorganization or similar law of United States or any state thereof for the 
relief of creditors or affecting the rights or remedies of creditors 
generally;

(c) Assignment. Such Party assigns or transfers, or attempts to assign or 
transfer, this Agreement or any right or interest herein, except as 
expressly permitted by this Agreement;

(d) Abandonment. Such Party, if it is Contractor, abandons the Work and 
fails, except as otherwise addressed in Section 23.7, to recommence 
performance of the Services within five (5) Days after written notice from 
Owner;
 
74

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Insurance. Such Party fails to obtain and maintain insurance as 
required by this Agreement;

(f) Repudiation. Such Party expressly repudiates this Agreement;

(g) Performance Guarantees. Such Party fails to satisfy the Minimum 
Performance Guarantees of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber within *** after 
the Guaranteed Final Completion Date for Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber; and

(h) Breach. Such Party breaches any of its material obligations under this 
Agreement other than those obligations relating to the matters set forth in 
Section 23.1(a) through (g) above and for which no other remedy is 
specified in the Agreement and, if such breach is capable of being cured, 
such Party fails to cure such breach within *** Days after written notice 
of such breach, provided that such cure period shall be extended to *** 
Days after written notice of such breach if such breach is capable of being 
cured but not within *** Days, and such breaching Party immediately 
commences to cure such breach and diligently and continually prosecutes 
measures which are reasonably calculated to cure such breach within such 
*** Day period.


23.2 Owner Remedies. In the event of a Contractor Default, Owner shall have 
any or all of the following rights and remedies:

(a) Termination. Subject to the limitation on liability, Owner, without 
prejudice to any of its other rights or remedies under this Agreement, may 
terminate this Agreement immediately by delivery of a notice of termination 
to such Party;

(b) Equitable Remedies. Subject to the limitations on liability set forth 
in this Agreement, Owner may seek equitable relief, including injunctive 
relief or specific performance, to cause Contractor to take action, or to 
refrain from taking action, pursuant to this Agreement, or to make 
restitution of amounts improperly retained or received under this 
Agreement; and

(c) Damages. Subject to the limitations on liability set forth in this 
Agreement, Owner shall be entitled to seek all other damages available in 
equity or at law.


23.3 Contractor Remedies. In the event of an Owner Default, Contractor 
shall have any or all of the following rights and remedies:

(a) Termination/Suspension. Contractor, without prejudice to any of its 
other rights or remedies under this Agreement, may terminate this Agreement 
(or suspend performance) immediately by delivery of a notice of 
termination/suspension to Owner, and such termination/suspension shall be 
deemed as if done for convenience of Owner under Section 23.4(a) and 23.7;

(b) Equitable Remedies. Subject to the limitations on liability set forth 
in this Agreement, Contractor may seek equitable relief, including 
injunctive relief or specific
 
75

------------------------------------------------------------------------
performance, to cause Owner to take action, or to refrain from taking 
action, pursuant to this Agreement, or to make restitution of amounts 
improperly retained or received under this Agreement; and

(c) Damages. Subject to the limitations on liability set forth in this 
Agreement, Contractor shall be entitled to seek all other remedies or 
damages available in equity or at law.


23.4 Termination for Convenience.

(a) Termination Rights.

Owner may terminate this Agreement at its convenience and in its entirety, 
or only with respect to Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber, upon prior written 
notice to Contractor, in which event Owner shall pay the cancellation 
charges set forth in Section 23.4(b)(i) below.

(b) Cancellation Charges.

(i) If Owner terminates this Agreement, or Unit 6 or Unit 5 Scrubber, under 
Section 23.4(a) above, Owner shall pay termination charges to Contractor, 
as Contractor’s exclusive remedy, which termination charges shall consist 
of all amounts billed or currently billable by Contractor and due and owing 
under this Agreement, including for Equipment delivered (or being 
fabricated for delivery) and Services performed prior to such termination 
(including in-progress work) and all unavoidable and reasonably incurred 
termination charges, such as those incurred through demobilization and 
storage or through cancellation charges paid to Subcontractors. The total 
amount payable by Owner as a termination charge shall be reduced by (A) any 
rebates, credits or refunds obtained, (B) the reasonable salvage value for 
undelivered and unpaid for Equipment, or (C) the sale of such Equipment to 
a third party, with the understanding that Owner, at its exclusive 
preference, may accept delivery of complete or incomplete Equipment 
included in the termination charges.

(ii) From the Effective Date to the Price Finalization Date, Contractor has 
provided to Duke Energy a reasonable estimate of anticipated total 
termination costs to be paid by Duke Energy, cumulative by month, based 
upon current forecasts and bid estimates, with such forecasted cancellation 
amounts being:

(A) If prior to ***, an estimated amount for Unit 6 of *** and Unit 5 
Scrubber of ***;

(B) If prior to ***, an estimated amount for Unit 6 of *** and the Unit 5 
Scrubber of ***;
 
76

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(C) If prior to ***, an estimated amount for Unit 6 of *** and the Unit 5 
Scrubber of ***; and

(D) If prior to ***, an estimated amount for Unit 6 of *** and the Unit 5 
Scrubber of ***.

The above termination amounts include all previously paid and all actual 
and anticipated payments of Invoices by Owner during such time period 
pursuant to the Cash Flow Plan. The Parties recognize and agree that such 
estimated cancellation costs are dependent upon updates to the Contract 
Price in Exhibit I and the schedule in Exhibit C, and as the Contract Price 
and Schedule are updated and refined, Contractor will update such monthly 
cancellation forecasts.

(c) In the event of termination under this Section 23.4, the limitations of 
liability (if there remains any liability) expressed as a percentage of the 
Contract Price with respect to the terminated Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber 
shall be deemed instead to be expressed as a percentage of the respective 
payments received to the date of termination.


23.5 Termination for Force Majeure. Owner or Contractor may terminate this 
Agreement in its entirety, and without liability, due to Force Majeure in 
accordance with the terms of Article 9 and Section 23.4(a) above.


23.6 Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement, Contractor 
shall immediately:

(a) stop the performance of all Services except as may be necessary to 
preserve the Equipment and Owner Equipment as requested by Owner;

(b) issue no further purchase orders and enter into no further contracts 
relating to the Work except with the prior written consent of Owner;

(c) assign to Owner, upon Owner’s request, all rights of Contractor under 
contracts or purchase orders entered into by Contractor in connection with 
this Agreement;

(d) to the extent possible, upon Owner’s request, terminate existing 
contracts and purchase orders entered into by Contractor in connection with 
this Agreement;

(e) deliver all then existing paid-up Documentation, including drafts 
thereof (subject to Article 19), to Owner in hard copy and electronic 
formats reasonably requested by Owner; and
 
77

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) turn over care, custody and control at the Site of all Equipment and 
Owner Equipment.


23.7 Suspension. Owner may, in its sole discretion, order Contractor to 
suspend all or any portion of the Services for a period of time as Owner 
may request. Contractor shall comply with such order. The suspension shall 
commence on the Day specified in Owner’s written notice to Contractor which 
shall be at least five (5) Days after Owner gives Contractor that notice. 
During any such suspension: (a) Contractor shall take reasonable 
precautions to protect, store and secure the Equipment and Owner Equipment 
against deterioration, loss or damage, and (b) Owner shall reimburse 
Contractor on a current time and material basis for all its costs, 
including those incurred in connection with the foregoing and for its (its 
Subcontractors’) stand-by charges as well as demobilization and 
remobilization charges. Contractor shall resume any suspended Services 
promptly, but in no event later than ten (10) Days after Owner gives 
Contractor written notice to do so, and shall use its best efforts to fully 
resume the Services as soon as reasonably possible. If Owner orders a 
suspension of all or any portion of the Services, Contractor shall be 
entitled to an equitable adjustment in the Contract Price and the Schedule 
in accordance with Article 8. If Owner orders a suspension of all of the 
Services, which suspension continues for three hundred sixty (360) or more 
consecutive Days, either Party may thereafter terminate this Agreement by 
giving the other Party written notice, and the rights and remedies of 
Contractor shall be the same as those to which Contractor would have been 
entitled if this Agreement had been terminated under Section 23.4.
 
24. 	SAFETY; INCIDENT REPORTING

24.1 Environmental, Health and Safety Programs. Contractor shall be 
responsible for initiating, maintaining and supervising all safety 
precautions and programs in connection with its performance of the 
Agreement, including appropriate precautions and programs for areas in and 
around the Site. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
Contractor shall comply with all applicable Laws and meet the requirements 
of all of Duke Energy’s environmental, health, safety, and security 
policies and manuals as amended from time to time, including the Duke 
Energy Safe Work Practices Manual, the Duke Energy Scaffold Manual, the 
Duke Energy Lifting Program, the Duke Energy Environment, Health, and 
Safety Manual and the Duke Energy Contractor EHS Compliance Program. A copy 
of any policies and manuals of Owner shall be provided to Contractor upon 
request. Contractor shall designate a responsible, qualified full-time 
member of Contractor’s organization at the Site whose duty shall be the 
prevention of incidents and injuries and addressing unsafe and undesirable 
behavior for each of the following three (3) areas: environmental matters 
(U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and any applicable State agency), 
health matters (industrial hygiene and employee health hazard 
prevention/mitigation) and safety matters, as each area relates to 
construction activities generally and the Work specifically. One individual 
may be designated for more than one of these three areas if the individual 
is qualified in all such areas.
 
78

------------------------------------------------------------------------
24.2 OSHA and Other Laws. Contractor shall give notices and comply with all 
applicable Laws bearing on the safety of Persons or property or their 
protection from damage, injury or loss, including the Occupational Safety 
and Health Act (“OSHA”) and the Americans with Disabilities Act.

(a) Contractor represents that it is familiar with the Site, the Services 
to be performed, the Equipment to be provided, the Project to which the 
Equipment will be a part, the hazards of the Work, and, if applicable, the 
Material Safety Data Sheets for, and the hazards of, the Hazardous 
Materials or hazardous chemicals that Contractor is expected to provide. 
Contractor acknowledges that Material Safety Data Sheets of all chemicals 
located at the Site are available to Contractor’s employees upon a request 
made to Owner’s Project Director, or other safety representative of Owner 
at the Site. Contractor also represents that it is familiar with the 
labeling system used in the workplace.

(b) Contractor acknowledges that OSHA and regulatory standards or State 
plan equivalent (collectively, the “OSHA Standards”) require that its 
employees be trained in various subjects, such as, but not limited to, the 
hazards of, and standards applicable to, the Work (29 C.F.R. § 
1926.21(b)(2)) (applicable to construction work), lockout/tagout (29 C.F.R. 
§ 1910.147), confined space entry (29 C.F.R. §§ 1926.21(b)(6) or 1910.146), 
and asbestos (29 C.F.R. §§ 1910.1001 or 1926.1101). Contractor warrants 
that its employees and their supervisors have been trained in accordance 
with all applicable OSHA Standards, and that they have been trained to 
recognize and avoid any hazards related to the Work, and to perform the 
Services safely and without danger to any employee or to any property.

(c) Contractor represents that its employees are or will be equipped with 
the personal protective equipment required by applicable OSHA Standards in 
29 C.F.R. Parts 1926 and 1910, and with the personal protective equipment 
required to protect its employees against other serious health or safety 
hazards. Contractor agrees that it shall discipline its employees who 
violate any OSHA Standards or applicable Laws in accordance with its own 
policies and procedures.

(d) Contractor represents that it will comply with all OSHA Standards 
applicable to the Work, including those requiring pre-employment testing of 
employees, such as but not limited to, pulmonary testing, blood testing, 
urine testing, hearing testing, respirator fit testing, drug screening, 
and/or applicable medical surveillance testing.

(e) Contractor shall fully comply with its safety programs and/or any Site 
specific safety plans which Owner has reviewed and accepted.

(f) Within twenty four (24) hours of a request, or as soon as possible, and 
to the extent permitted by applicable Law, Contractor shall provide copies 
of any and a11 training for its employees concerning any safety and health 
standard, any substantive or technical training requirement of the Work or 
the results of any occupational testing to Owner.


24.3 Worksite Safety.

(a) Contractor shall take all reasonable precautions at the Work Site for 
the safety of, and shall provide reasonable protection to prevent damage, 
injury or loss to Persons and property resulting from the Work, including:

(i) Contractor employees, Subcontractors and other Persons performing the 
Services and all Persons who may be affected by the performance of the 
Services;
 
79

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) the Equipment and Owner Equipment to be incorporated into the Project, 
whether in storage on or off the Site or under the care, custody or control 
of Contractor or Subcontractors; and

(iii) other property at or adjacent to the Site, including trees, shrubs, 
lawns, walks, pavements, roadways, structures and utilities.

(b) Contractor shall give notices and shall comply with applicable Laws 
bearing on safety of persons or property or their protection from damage, 
injury or loss.

(c) Contractor shall be responsible for initiating, maintaining and 
supervising all safety precautions and programs in connection with the 
Work. Contractor shall erect, maintain or undertake, as required by 
existing conditions and the performance of the Agreement, all reasonable 
safeguards for the safety and protection of Persons and property, including 
posting danger signs and other warnings against hazards, promulgating 
safety regulations, and notifying owners and users of adjacent sites and 
utilities. Those precautions may include providing security guards.

(d) Contractor agrees to provide to Owner the name, title, and phone number 
of its emergency contact person prior to the commencement of the Services.

(e) Within twenty four (24) hours of its occurrence and in addition to 
reporting to Government Authorities as required by applicable Law, 
Contractor shall notify Owner in writing of any incident, injury or illness 
experienced by a Contractor employee in the performance of any of the 
Services or on any part of Owner’s premises or lands, and shall provide 
copies of the OSHA 101 and OSHA 200 or 300 log entry for such incident, 
injury or illness. Within one week of the incident, injury or illness, 
Contractor shall provide a preliminary written report of the incident, 
injury or illness and the measures to prevent a similar occurrence in the 
future. Owner has the right to request a final report, which Contractor 
shall provide within one week of Owner’s request. All such reports shall be 
in accordance with Owner’s policies and procedures. For all accidents which 
cause serious bodily injury or property damage, Contractor shall 
immediately notify Owner’s Project Director and Owner’s health and safety 
representative by telephone or messenger, giving full details and 
statements of any witnesses.

(f) Upon request from Owner, Contractor shall provide an OSHA log listing 
injuries or illnesses sustained by Contractor employees during the five (5) 
years preceding the request in any of Owner’s process areas subject to 
Owner’s process safety management standard, 29 C.F.R. § 1910.119, as 
provided to Contractor.


24.4 Dangerous Materials. When the use or storage of explosives or other 
dangerous materials or equipment or unusual methods are necessary for the 
Work, Contractor shall exercise appropriate care and carryon its activities 
only under the supervision of properly qualified personnel. Contractor 
shall notify Owner’s Project Director prior to bringing any explosives onto 
the Site.
 
80

------------------------------------------------------------------------
24.5 Loading. Contractor shall not load or permit any part of the Equipment 
or Owner Equipment to be loaded at the Site so as to endanger the safety of 
Persons or property.


24.6 Cooperation in Governmental Investigation. Contractor and its 
Subcontractors of whatever tier shall assist Owner in responding to 
requests by any Government Authority for information in connection with 
inspections or investigations of Owner relating to the Work involving 
Contractor or its Subcontractors of whatever tier performed for Owner, on 
Owner’s property, involving Owner’s employees, equipment or processes. 
Within one (1) Day of the request, or upon such other reasonable time as 
agreed by the Parties, Contractor shall make its employees available at the 
Site for interviews and shall produce copies of any documents relevant to 
the investigation to Owner. Except as prohibited by Law, Contractor shall 
promptly inform Owner of inspections and investigations on Contractor’s 
property, and of subpoenas, document requests, requests for information, 
deposition notices, discovery requests, or similar requests by any 
Government Authority, concerning Owner, the Work, or any accidents, 
injuries, illnesses or claims resulting from the Work.


24.7 Audit. To the extent permitted by applicable Law, Owner shall have the 
right to review and copy all of Contractor’s documents that relate to 
safety and health at the Site, including Contractor’s safety and health 
programs, safety and health training records, OSHA recordkeeping forms 
(such as 101, 200, 300 and 301), any incident report or first report of 
injuries form and any industrial hygiene monitoring test results.
 
25. 	QUALIFICATIONS AND PROTECTION OF ASSIGNED PERSONNEL

25.1 Contractor’s Personnel. Contractor shall comply in all respects with 
all applicable labor and immigration Laws that may impact Contractor’s Work 
under this Agreement, including the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 
1986 and Form I-9 requirements. Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, Contractor shall perform all required employment eligibility and 
verification checks and maintain all required employment records. 
Contractor acknowledges and agrees that it is responsible for conducting 
adequate screening of its employees and agents prior to starting the Work. 
By providing an employee or Subcontractor under this Agreement, Contractor 
warrants and represents that it has completed the Screening Measures with 
respect to such employee or Subcontractor and that such Screening Measures 
did not reveal any information that could adversely affect such employee’s 
or Subcontractor’s suitability for employment or engagement by Contractor 
or competence or ability to perform duties under this Agreement. If in 
doubt whether a suitability, competence or ability concern exists, 
Contractor shall discuss with Owner the relevant facts and Owner will 
determine, in its sole discretion, whether such Person should be allowed to 
perform the Work. Owner, in its sole discretion, shall have the option of 
barring from the Site any person whom Owner determines does not meet the 
qualification requirements set forth above. In all circumstances, 
Contractor shall ensure that the substance and manner of any and all 
Screening Measures performed by Contractor pursuant to this Section conform 
fully to applicable Law. Contractor shall supervise, coordinate and direct 
the Work using Contractor’s best skill, judgment and attention. Owner shall 
have the right to bar from the Site any Person employed or engaged by 
Contractor or Subcontractor who engages in misconduct or is incompetent or 
negligent while on the Site or
 
81

------------------------------------------------------------------------
while performing the Services, or whom Owner has previously terminated for 
cause or otherwise dismissed or barred from the Site. Upon request of 
Owner, Contractor shall immediately remove those Persons to whom Owner 
objects from the Site and shall not allow the further performance of the 
Services by those Persons. In addition, in the event that Contractor learns 
of any such misconduct, incompetence or negligence independent of Owner’s 
objection, Contractor shall remove such Persons from the Site, shall not 
allow any further performance of the Services by such Persons and shall 
promptly notify Owner of such misconduct, incompetence or negligence and 
the actions taken by Contractor as a result thereof. In either such event, 
any cost for replacement of such Persons shall be at Contractor’s expense.


25.2 Drug and Alcohol Testing. Neither Contractor nor its Subcontractors 
shall in any way use, possess, or be under the influence of illegal drugs 
or controlled substances or consume or be under the influence of alcoholic 
beverages during the performance of the Services. Any person (whether 
employed or retained by Contractor or any Subcontractor or otherwise) under 
the influence, or in possession of, alcohol, any illegal drug, or any 
controlled substance, will be removed from the Site and, subject to Owner’s 
fitness for duty program requirements, shall be prevented from performing 
any future Services at the Site or elsewhere related to the Project. 
Contractor shall have in place a drug testing program meeting the 
requirements of all applicable Laws and the Owner’s Drug and Alcohol 
Testing Policy (MICCS Substance Abuse Program, dated as of October, 2004) 
attached hereto as Exhibit N, as such policy may be updated by Owner from 
time to time generally for its contractors, and shall furnish to Owner 
proof of compliance with such regulations and policies, including a copy of 
Contractor’s drug and alcohol testing plan and an affidavit stating that 
Contractor is in compliance, and will remain in compliance, with such 
regulations and policies for the duration of this Agreement. Upon request, 
and to the extent permitted by law, Contractor will furnish Owner copies of 
the records of employee drug and alcohol test results required to be kept 
by Law. Contractor will indemnify and hold harmless Owner from any and all 
liability for (a) Contractor’s or any Subcontractor’s personnel who fail a 
drug or alcohol test given under any Government Authority regulations, and 
(b) any claims made by a Contractor’s or Subcontractor’s employee resulting 
from removal from the Site as provided in this Article. If Contractor fails 
to comply with these regulations while performing under this Agreement, 
such noncompliance will be deemed a breach of this Agreement, and 
Contractor shall be liable for such breach, as well as for all direct 
damages arising out of such noncompliance.


25.3 Training of Employees. Contractor represents that all Contractor and 
Subcontractor personnel have received all necessary training regarding 
environmental, OSHA and any other matters required by applicable Laws and 
relevant to the Work. Training on implementation of any additional 
environmental mitigation measures appropriate for the Work will be 
specified by Owner before commencement of the Services.


25.4 Compliance with Employment Laws; Policies. All Services shall be 
performed in accordance with all applicable Laws, including worker’s 
compensation Laws, minimum and maximum salary and wage statutes and 
regulations, and licensing Laws and regulations. Contractor shall fully 
reimburse Owner for any and all fines or penalties of whatever kind or type 
that Owner may incur as the result of and to the extent caused by 
Contractor’s failure to fully comply with and fulfill any of the provisions 
of this Article. To the extent commercially reasonably practical, 
Contractor shall use reasonable efforts to adopt and utilize a 
subcontracting plan with its first-tier Subcontractors that complies with 
48 C.F.R. 52-219-9 for Small Diverse
 
82

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Suppliers (“SDS”). In addition, Contractor shall (a) utilize SDS as 
required by law; (b) provide Owner with a quarterly status report in the 
format set forth on Owner’s website at www.duke-energy.com, or in such 
other format as is reasonably acceptable to Owner; (c) enter the SDS data 
in any report on Owner’s website at www.duke-energy.com and (d) provide 
Owner, its designated auditors and any applicable government agency the 
right of access during normal business hours to inspect any records related 
to SDS and compliance with this section.


25.5 Substitution. Contractor reserves the right to change any of its 
personnel performing Services. In such event, Contractor shall provide 
replacement personnel meeting the requisite qualifications and who have 
equal or better capabilities and shall bear any additional travel and 
living expenses associated with providing such replacement personnel.
 
26. 	RECORDS AND AUDIT

26.1 Technical Documentation. Except to the extent applicable Laws require 
a longer retention, Contractor shall maintain its own, and shall cause its 
Subcontractors to maintain their own, technical documentation relative to 
the Equipment and the Owner Equipment for a period of three (3) years after 
the latest of the Final Completion Dates of Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber. 
Contractor shall give Owner thirty (30) Days prior written notice before 
destroying or disposing of any such documentation or records and a 
reasonable opportunity for Owner during such period to make copies of any 
such documentation.


26.2 Accounting Records. Except to the extent applicable Laws require a 
longer retention, Contractor shall maintain and shall cause its 
Subcontractors to maintain complete accounting records relating to all Work 
performed or provided under this Agreement on a time and material, or 
reimbursement, basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles in United States, as set forth in pronouncements of the 
Financial Accounting Standards Board (and its predecessors) and the 
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, for a period of three 
(3) years after the latest of the Final Completion Dates of Unit 6 and the 
Unit 5 Scrubber, except that records relating to Sales Taxes for such items 
must be retained for four (4) years as specified in Section 26.4. 
Contractor shall give Owner thirty (30) Days prior written notice before 
destroying or disposing of any such accounting records and a reasonable 
opportunity for Owner during such period to make copies of any such 
documentation.


26.3 Owner’s Right to Audit. For verification of incurred or estimated 
costs, including all related direct costs, claimed by Contractor for 
reimbursement or for any Work performed or provided on a time and material 
basis or for any suspended, terminated, delayed or accelerated Services, a 
third party auditor selected by Owner and reasonably acceptable to 
Contractor (which acceptance shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) 
shall have the right and access at reasonable times during normal business 
hours to examine and audit Contractor’s records and books related to all 
those costs as is reasonably necessary for Owner to verify such costs. 
Furthermore, Owner or Owner’s representative shall have no right to audit 
records or books concerning the make-up of any agreed upon lump sum amounts 
or fixed rates or multipliers. If any audit by the auditor reveals charges 
or costs charged to or paid by Owner as costs or fees which are not proper 
or exceed the rates or amounts permitted hereunder for any such matters, 
then Owner shall be entitled upon demand for a refund from Contractor of 
all such amounts, plus interest thereon from the date of payment by Owner 
until the date of refund by Contractor at a
 
83

------------------------------------------------------------------------
rate of the lesser of (a) the Prime Interest Rate plus 1% or (b) the 
maximum rate allowed by applicable law. Likewise, if any audit or if any 
examination by any state or local taxing agency reveals additional Sales 
Tax to be imposed upon Contractor for under collection of tax from Owner on 
a taxable sale to Owner, then Contractor shall be entitled, upon demand, 
for a refund from Owner of all such amounts, plus interest at the foregoing 
rate.


26.4 Sales Tax and Privilege Tax Records. Contractor shall provide to Owner 
all information and data Owner may from time to time reasonably request and 
otherwise fully cooperate with Owner in connection with the reporting of 
(a) any Sales Taxes and Privilege Taxes payable with respect to the Work 
and (b) any assessment, refund claim or proceeding relating to Taxes 
payable with respect to the Work. Contractor shall require its 
Subcontractors to provide to Contractor all information and data Contractor 
may reasonably request for purposes of complying with the preceding 
sentence and otherwise fully cooperate with Owner. Contractor shall retain, 
and shall require Subcontractors to retain, copies of such documentation 
and all documentation relating to purchases relating to the Work or the 
payment of Sales Taxes and Privilege Taxes, if any, for a period of not 
less than four (4) years from the latest of the Final Completion Dates of 
Unit 6 and the Unit 5 Scrubber. Contractor shall ensure that its contracts 
with all Subcontractors effectuate the provision of this Section. 
Contractor’s and Owner’s obligations under this Section shall survive the 
termination, cancellation or expiration of this Agreement for any reason 
and shall last so long as is necessary to resolve any and all matters 
regarding Taxes attributable to the Work; provided, that if Owner requires 
Contractor to take action under this Section at any time after the later of 
(i) two (2) years after delivery of the piece of Equipment or (ii) two (2) 
years after completion of the particular item of Work, Owner shall 
reimburse Contractor for all actual and reasonable expenses Contractor 
incurs in taking those actions.
 
27. 	TAXES

27.1 Employment Taxes. Neither Owner nor its officers, employees, agents, 
consultants or other representatives shall have any liability for any 
payroll or employment compensation taxes, for Social Security taxes, or for 
labor-related withholding taxes, for Contractor and its Subcontractors 
(including manufacturers); or any of their employees; and Contractor agrees 
to hold Owner, his Consultants, and his other contractors harmless against 
any claim or liability therefore.


27.2 Sales and Use Taxes on Contractor Tools. Contractor shall pay all 
taxes on Contractor’s purchases of goods, tools, equipment, supplies and 
other consumables which are not permanently incorporated into the Project 
and which remain the property of Contractor. Contractor shall also pay all 
taxes attributable to Contractor’s construction equipment, temporary 
buildings and other property used by Contractor in its performance of this 
Agreement. Allowance for such taxes is included in the Contract Price, and 
Contractor shall pay those taxes when assessed, without claim against Owner 
for reimbursement. Contractor shall impose a similar obligation on all 
Subcontractors and shall ensure that no Subcontractor shall have any claim 
against Owner for reimbursement of those taxes.


27.3 Sales and Use Tax on Equipment; Privilege Tax. Notwithstanding the 
above, the Contract Price does not include monies for the payment of any 
sales and use taxes on Equipment incorporated into the Facility. 
Contractor, on behalf of itself and all of its Subcontractors
 
84

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(including manufacturers), is therefore responsible for consulting with 
Owner on Equipment purchases and working with Owner to obtain the 
appropriate sales and use tax and privilege tax benefits for Owner. Owner 
is currently authorized under the North Carolina General Statutes to 
purchase certain Equipment exempt from the sales and use tax, but subject 
to the privilege tax at a rate of 1% with a maximum tax of eighty dollars 
($80) per article. Owner will specifically identify property which will be 
subject to the privilege tax. Owner will issue Form E-595E to Contractor to 
support the exemption from the sales and use tax. Contractor shall register 
with the state of North Carolina for payment of the privilege tax. 
Contractor will issue Form E-595E to its suppliers to facilitate exempt 
purchases of property subject to the privilege tax. As required by law, 
Contractor will accrue the privilege tax on these purchases and remit the 
appropriate amount to the State. Sales tax should be billed by the supplier 
on Contractor’s purchases of property subject to the North Carolina sales 
tax.

(a) Contractor, its Subcontractors, manufacturers and suppliers shall make 
reasonable commercial efforts to purchase Equipment to minimize the tax, 
but shall not be restricted from making out-of-state purchases of such 
Equipment. Contractor shall use its best efforts to ensure that Owner is 
afforded the appropriate sales/use and privilege tax treatment by the State 
of North Carolina. Contractor shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure 
that all out-of-state purchases made by Contractor and its Subcontractors 
(including manufacturers) are shipped FOB the Facility (North Carolina) 
free of Sales Taxes. Owner shall reimburse Contractor for all sales and use 
taxes and privilege taxes paid by Contractor and its Subcontractors 
(including manufacturers) upon written confirmation from Contractor that 
the items purchased could not reasonably be purchased free of Sales Taxes.

(b) Contractor agrees that it and its Subcontractors, suppliers, and 
manufacturers will clearly identify on each original invoice covering the 
purchase of Equipment, the amount of sales and use tax. Should additional 
information and detail be required by Owner and the North Carolina 
Department of Revenue to verify amounts paid for purchases of Equipment 
under this Agreement, Contractor and its Subcontractors, suppliers, and 
manufacturers shall supply such additional information and invoices in 
sufficient detail to verify:

(i) That such Goods were purchased free of State sales and use taxes; or 
that for out-of-state purchases, the invoices indicate the amount of 
foreign sales and use tax separately stated and paid;

(ii) The privilege tax was accrued and remitted to North Carolina for such 
Equipment;

(iii) The actual purchase prices of such Equipment;

(iv) The date of delivery to the Site of such Equipment;

(v) A description of the function of such Equipment; and

(vi) The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) Code identification 
for such Equipment.
 
85

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) As a condition to Final Completion of Unit 6 or the Unit 5 Scrubber, 
Contractor shall provide Owner with an affidavit that all invoices which 
include sales and use taxes or privilege tax have been paid and that 
Contractor and all its Subcontractors, suppliers, and manufacturers have no 
outstanding claims or expenses relating to sales and use tax or privilege 
tax.

(d) Both Parties shall provide to the other any documentation or 
information requested in order to submit and obtain a refund of any taxes 
erroneously paid as part of this Agreement. The Parties agree that any 
refunds received shall belong to the Party which bore the economic burden 
of paying the tax. The Parties’ obligations under this Section shall 
survive termination or expiration of the Agreement.


27.4 State Property Taxes. Contractor and Owner agree that Owner shall be 
responsible for the filing requirements and payment obligations for all 
state and local taxes on the Site and the Equipment incorporated into the 
Facility; provided, that Contractor shall be responsible for the filing of 
property tax returns and the payment of State and local property taxes on 
construction equipment, tools and material which is not incorporated into 
the Project and which is owned, used or leased by Contractor to perform the 
Services. Owner and Contractor acknowledge that construction equipment 
property tax costs are included in the leasing costs included in the Fixed 
Prices. If Contractor owns construction equipment and leases such 
construction equipment to Owner, Contractor shall remain responsible for 
the filing and payment of all property taxes due on such construction 
equipment.


27.5 Tax Indemnification.

(a) Except in cases where such tax assessment is the result of the 
negligence or willful or wanton misconduct by Contractor, Owner shall 
defend, reimburse, indemnify and hold Contractor harmless for all costs and 
expenses incurred by Contractor as a result of Owner’s formal protest of 
any sales and use taxes paid or assessed and property taxes paid or 
assessed on the Site or the Equipment, or any other similar tax, whether 
local, state or federal, including any litigation expenses in the event 
Owner decides to protest a sales or use tax assessment. Owner shall not be 
responsible for any costs incurred by Contractor necessary to substantiate 
or verify information for any tax audit conducted in the normal course of 
business.

(b) Contractor shall defend, reimburse, indemnify and hold Owner harmless 
for all costs and expenses incurred by Owner as a result of Contractor’s 
formal protest of any Employment Taxes, or any sales and use taxes and 
property taxes paid or assessed on Contractor’s equipment or tools, or of 
any payroll or employment compensation taxes, or Social Security taxes, or 
for labor-related withholding taxes, or any other similar tax, whether 
local, state or federal for Contractor; its Subcontractors (including 
manufacturers); or any of their employees, paid or assessed, including any 
litigation expenses in the event Contractor decides to protest the said 
employment, withholding, and similar taxes.


27.6 Pollution Control Equipment Information. Contractor shall supply Owner 
with all reasonable information and cost analyses requested by Owner for 
qualifying air, water or noise pollution control equipment for exemption 
from sales and use taxes, property taxes and any other
 
86

------------------------------------------------------------------------
tax credits, refunds or exemptions available to Owner. Contractor shall 
supply any further information as requested by Owner to apply for a 
certificate from the North Carolina Department of Environment and Natural 
Resources (DNHR) or other appropriate Government Authority to qualify for 
the above exemptions.
 
28. 	DISPUTE RESOLUTION

28.1 Resolution by the Parties: Mediation. The Parties shall attempt to 
resolve any claims, disputes and other controversies arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement (collectively, “Disputes”) promptly by 
negotiation and mediation between executives who have authority to settle 
the Dispute and who are at a higher level of management than the persons 
with direct responsibility for administration of this Agreement. A Party 
may give the other Party written notice of a Dispute which has not been 
resolved in the normal course of business. Such notice shall include: (a) a 
statement of that Party’s position and a summary of arguments supporting 
such position, and (b) the name and title of the executive who will be 
representing that Party and of any other person who will accompany the 
executive. Within five (5) Days after delivery of the notice, the receiving 
Party shall respond with (i) a statement of that Party’s position and a 
summary of arguments supporting such position, and (ii) the name and title 
of the executive who will represent that Party and of any other person who 
will accompany the executive. Within ten (10) Days after delivery of the 
summary positions, the Parties shall select a mutually agreeable neutral 
mediator and the executives of both Parties shall meet with the mediator at 
a mutually acceptable time and place, and shall meet thereafter as often as 
they reasonably deem necessary, to attempt to resolve the Dispute. All 
negotiations pursuant to this clause are to be deemed confidential and 
shall be treated as compromise and settlement negotiations for purposes of 
applicable rules of evidence.


28.2 Arbitration Proceedings.

(a) Demand for Arbitration. If the Dispute has not been resolved by 
negotiation within *** Days of the disputing Party’s initial notice (or 
such longer period as the Parties may reasonably agree), or if the Parties 
failed to meet for the first time within *** Days of the initial notice, 
the Parties shall fully and finally settle the Dispute by binding 
arbitration. All arbitration proceedings shall take place in Charlotte, 
North Carolina under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association (
“AAA”) in accordance with the AAA Construction Industry Arbitration Rules 
then in effect, and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 
U.S.C. §§ 1-16. For all Disputes where the amount in controversy is less 
than ***, the arbitration proceedings shall be conducted by a *** selected 
by the Parties (or by the AAA, if the Parties cannot agree on an arbitrator 
within *** Days following the delivery of a demand for arbitration to the 
other Party). For all Disputes where the amount in controversy is equal to 
or more than ***, the arbitration proceedings shall be conducted by a ***. 
If the Parties have not agreed on the selection of *** on or before *** 
Days following the delivery of a demand for arbitration to the other Party, 
then each Party, by notice to the other Party, may designate *** (who shall 
not be a current or former officer, director, employee or agent of such 
Party or any of its Affiliates). The *** designated by the Parties shall 
endeavor to designate promptly a ***. If either Party fails to designate an 
initial *** on or before *** Days following the delivery
 
87

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of an arbitration notice to the other Party, or if the *** have not 
designated *** within *** Days of the date for designation of the *** 
initially designated, either Party may request that the AAA designate the 
remaining *** pursuant to its Construction Industry Arbitration Rules. If 
any arbitrator resigns, becomes incapacitated, or otherwise refuses or 
fails to serve or to continue to serve as an arbitrator, then the Party 
entitled to designate that arbitrator shall designate a successor. The 
demand for arbitration shall be served on the other Party to this 
Agreement. No demand for arbitration shall be made or permitted after the 
date when the institution of a civil action based on the Dispute would be 
barred by the applicable statute of limitations or repose of the State.

(b) Consolidation. No arbitration arising under this Agreement shall 
include, by consolidation, joinder or any other manner, any Person not a 
Party to this Agreement unless (i) such Person is substantially involved in 
a common question of fact or Laws, (ii) the presence of the Person is 
required if complete relief is to be accorded in the arbitration, and (iii) 
the Person has consented to be included.

(c) Equitable Remedies. The procedures specified in this Article shall be 
the sole and exclusive procedures for the resolution of Disputes between 
the Parties arising out of or relating to this Agreement; provided, 
however, that a Party may file a complaint in a court of competent 
jurisdiction on issues of statute of limitations or repose or to seek 
injunctive relief, sequestration, garnishment, attachment, or an 
appointment of a receiver. Preservation of these remedies does not limit 
the power of the arbitrator(s) to grant similar remedies, and despite such 
actions, the Parties will continue to participate in good faith in and be 
bound by the dispute resolution procedures specified in this Article.

(d) Award; Binding Nature. The arbitrator(s)’ decision shall be by majority 
vote and shall be issued in a writing that sets forth in separately 
numbered paragraphs all of the findings of fact and conclusions of law 
necessary for the decision. Findings of fact and conclusions of law shall 
be separately designated as such. The arbitrator(s) shall not be entitled 
to deviate from the construct, procedures or requirements of this 
Agreement. In the absence of bias, fraud, or willful misconduct by an 
arbitrator, any decision rendered by the arbitrator(s) in any arbitration 
shall be final and binding upon the Parties, and judgment may be entered on 
the award in any court of competent jurisdiction. The cost of all 
arbitrators shall be borne equally by the Parties.

(e) Discovery. Either Party may apply to the arbitrators for the privilege 
of conducting discovery. The right to conduct discovery shall be granted by 
the arbitrators in their sole discretion with a view to avoiding surprise 
and providing reasonable access to necessary information or to information 
likely to be presented during the course of the arbitration.


28.3 Continuation of Work. Pending the final resolution of any Dispute, 
Contractor shall proceed diligently with the performance or provision of 
the Work and its other duties and obligations and Owner shall continue to 
compensate Contractor as set forth under this Agreement without diminution 
of effort, including payment to Contractor provisionally on a time and 
material basis for all disputed work.
 
88

------------------------------------------------------------------------
29. 	MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

29.1 Governing Laws. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State, without reference to its conflict of 
laws principles.


29.2 Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire agreement 
between Owner and Contractor with respect to the subject matter hereof, and 
supersedes all prior negotiations, binding documents, representations and 
agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the subject matter 
hereof, including the JPDA. This Agreement may be amended or modified only 
by a written instrument duly executed by each of the Parties.


29.3 Successors and Assigns. Neither this Agreement nor any right, interest 
or obligation hereunder may be assigned by Contactor without the prior 
written consent of Owner, and any attempt to do so shall be void, except 
that the whole of this Agreement may be assigned by Contractor upon prior 
written notice to Owner (a) to a parent company or a wholly-owned 
Affiliate, provided that Contractor shall not be relieved of any of its 
obligations hereunder, or (b) to a transferee who acquires all or 
substantially all of the assets of Contractor and whose market 
capitalization exceeds *** and whose long term senior unsecured, uninsured 
debt is rated at least Baa3 by Moody’s or BBB- by Standard & Poor’s at the 
time of the transfer, or whose creditworthiness is otherwise reasonably 
satisfactory to Owner. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement is 
binding upon, inures to the benefit of and is enforceable by the Parties 
and their respective successors and assigns. Nothing herein shall be 
construed to limit in any way Contractor from assigning the performance of 
any Services to an affiliate properly licensed to engineering work in the 
State of North Carolina but without relieving Contractor from its 
obligations hereunder. Owner, including any Party constituting Owner, may 
assign this Agreement or any benefit, interest, right or cause of action 
arising under this Agreement to any Person with notice to, but without the 
consent of, Contractor under the following circumstances: (a) the assignee 
is an Affiliate or subsidiary of the Owner and the assignee has a credit 
rating that is at least S&P BBB-, Moody’s Baa3 or whose creditworthiness is 
otherwise reasonably satisfactory to Contractor, (b) the assignee has 
acquired ownership of, or the right to operate, the Facility for which an 
assignment is being made and the assignee’s senior unsecured debt has a 
credit rating of S&P BBB-, Moody’s Baa3, or (c) such assignee is otherwise 
reasonably acceptable to Contractor. Owner (or the assigning Party that 
constitutes a part of Owner, as applicable) shall obtain written assurances 
from the assignee of limitation of and protection against liability 
following the proposed transfer at least equivalent to that afforded 
Contractor and Subcontractors hereunder. Any transfer contrary to this 
Section shall make the assigning Party constituting Owner the indemnitor of 
Contractor against any liabilities incurred in excess of those that would 
have been incurred had no such transfer taken place.


29.4 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as expressly set forth in this 
Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement are intended for the sole 
benefit of Owner and Contractor, and there are no third party 
beneficiaries.


29.5 Rights Exclusive. The rights and remedies of Owner or Contractor as 
set forth in this Agreement shall be the exclusive rights or remedies of 
the Parties.


29.6 No Waiver. No course of dealing or failure of Owner or Contractor to 
enforce strictly any term, right or condition of this Agreement shall be 
construed as a waiver of that term,
 
89

------------------------------------------------------------------------
right or condition. No express waiver of any term, right or condition of 
this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of any other term, right or 
condition.


29.7 Survival. Article 14 (Indemnity), Article 17 (Limitations of 
Liability), Article 19 (Intellectual Property), Article 20 
(Confidentiality), Article 27 (Taxes), Article 28 (Dispute Resolution), 
Article 29 (Miscellaneous) and all other Sections providing for 
indemnification or limitation of or protection against liability of either 
Party shall survive the termination, cancellation, or expiration of this 
Agreement.


29.8 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the application of 
this Agreement to any Person or circumstance shall to any extent be held 
invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction or 
arbitrators under Article 28, then (i) the remainder of this Agreement and 
the application of that provision to Persons or circumstances other than 
those as to which it is specifically held invalid or unenforceable shall 
not be affected, and every remaining provision of this Agreement shall be 
valid and binding to the fullest extent permitted by Laws, and (ii) a 
suitable and equitable provision shall be substituted for such invalid or 
unenforceable provision in order to carry out, so far as may be valid and 
enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid or unenforceable 
provision.


29.9 Notices. All notices permitted or required under this Agreement shall 
be deemed given if hand delivered, sent by certified mail, return receipt 
requested, sent by Federal Express or another recognized overnight delivery 
service, or sent by facsimile (with transmission confirmed) and confirmed 
by first class mail, to the addresses listed below or the subsequent 
addresses of which the Parties give each other notice:
 
If to Owner: 	   	Duke Energy Carolinas, LLC
   	Mail Code EC11T
   	P.O. Box 1006
   	Charlotte, NC 28201-1006
   	Attn: Gary Moore
   	Facsimile No: 704-382-5275
with a copy to: 	   	Duke Energy Carolinas, LLC
   	Mail Code EC11X
   	P.O. Box 1006
   	Charlotte, NC 28201-1006
   	Attn: Ron Barnes
   	Facsimile No.: 704-382-5715
If to Contractor: 	   	Stone & Webster
   	Attn: Mr. James Landry
   	Vice President – Fossil Power
   	128 South Tryon Street, Suite 600
   	Charlotte, NC 28202
   	Facsimile No.:        704-331-1310
   	Telephone No.:       704-331-6358
 
90

------------------------------------------------------------------------
With a copy to: 	   	Stone & Webster
   	Attn: Richard Obadiah
   	Assistant General Counsel
   	100 Technology Center Drive
   	Stoughton, MA 02072
   	Facsimile No.:        617-589-7575
   	Telephone No.:       617-589-1829
   	Stone & Webster
   	Attn: Bobby Smith
   	Project Manager
   	128 South Tryon Street, Suite 600
   	Charlotte, NC 28202
   	Facsimile No.:       704-331-1332
   	Telephone No.:      704-331-6474


or to such other address, attention or facsimile number as such Party to 
whom such notice is to be addressed shall have hereafter furnished to the 
other Party in writing as provided in this Article.


29.10 Vienna Convention. The Parties hereby expressly agree to exclude and 
disclaim the application of the provisions of United Nations Convention on 
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (also referred to as the 
Vienna Convention), and any successor convention or legislation, to this 
Agreement.


29.11 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the 
date first above written.
 
DUKE ENERGY CAROLINAS, LLC 	  	 	  	STONE & WEBSTER NATIONAL ENGINEERING 
P.C.
By: 	  	/s/ James L. Turner 	  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/ Richard F. Gill
Name: 	  	James L. Turner 	  	 	  	Name: 	  	Richard F. Gill
Title: 	  	President & COO, U.S. Franchised Electric & Gas 	  	 	  	Title: 	
  	President, Shaw Power
 
91

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A


EXHIBIT A


Specifications, including the Scope of Work, Drawings, and Training 
Procedures


***

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit B


EXHIBIT B


Site Description
 
Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit B
 
EXHIBIT B


Site Description


[LOGO]


LOCATION:

The station is located in Rutherford and Cleveland counties of North 
Carolina,


DIRECTIONS:

I-85 S, take exit 95 (Road 150) just before reaching Gaffney; Road 150 will 
parallel I-85 for two miles. At stop sign, turn right still staying on Road 
150.


Cross over NC-SC state line into North Carolina. At the crossroads, turn 
left on McCraw Rd, go 5.5 miles, Cliffside steam station on right.
 
Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit B
 
ADDRESS:

Street Address: 573 Duke Power Road, Cliffside, NC 28024
Mailing Address: 573 Duke Power Road, Mooresboro, NC 28114


PHONE:
(828) 657-2000


MAJOR EQUIPMENT LIST:
 
  	• 	  	

Unit 1, 2 & 4 Turbines - General Electric

 
  	• 	  	

Unit 3 Turbine - Westinghouse

 
  	• 	  	

Unit 5 Turbine - General Electric

 
  	• 	  	

Unit 1 - 5 Boilers - Combustion Engineering


GENERAL INFORMATION:
 
  	• 	  	

Unit 1 Commercial Operation date - 07/09/1940

 
  	• 	  	

Unit 2 Commercial Operation date - 08/11/1940

 
  	• 	  	

Unit 3 Commercial Operation date - 05/19/1948

 
  	• 	  	

Unit 4 Commercial Operation date - 10/31/1948

 
  	• 	  	

Unit 5 Commercial Operation date - 06/20/1972

 
  	• 	  	

The nameplate rating (MW) is:

 

    •     Unit 1 & 2

   	- 38 MW each

    •     Unit 3 & 4

   	- 61 MW each

    •     Unit 5

   	- 562 MW


EXISTING SITE CONDITIONS
 
  	• 	  	

The existing condition of the paved plant roads (main entrance and around 
powerhouse) shall be considered deteriorated.

 
  	• 	  	

The Contractor may use all plant roadways to move materials as required. 
Movement of material inside the main gate access will require station 
coordination.

 
  	• 	  	

The grounds around the Station are currently bounded completely by a chain 
link fence.

 
  	• 	  	

The Station does not have adequate lighting to support nighttime operations 
and maintenance activities.

 
  	• 	  	

The Contractor shall not at any time block traffic flow in or out of the 
main entrance to the Station without prior approval from the Owner’s 
Project Director.

 
  	• 	  	

No activities are to be conducted East of Suck Creek.

 
  	• 	  	

Jersey barriers will be placed around the Anhydrous Ammonia storage tanks. 
Entrance into this area is strictly forbidden without written authorization 
from Station Management. Violation of this requirement will result in 
dismissal from the project.

 
  	• 	  	

The Station Main Gate is staffed 7 days per week and 24 hours a day. Proper 
identification will be required to enter this gate.

 
  	• 	  	

Requests for special deliveries to the Contractor through the Main Gate are 
required in advance and are subject to the Owner’s approval.

 
  	• 	  	

The Contractor shall be aware that other contractors executing work at the 
Station not related to New Generation or FGD work may use the Main Entrance 
road. Areas designated for employee parking by the Owner for use by the 
Contractor may also be used by other contractors for employee parking. The 
Contractor will be provided adequate parking space and will not be 
displaced by other projects. Union and non-union parking shall be 
segregated by the Contractor.

 
  	• 	  	

The Contractor shall be aware of contract flyash disposal trucks using the 
Main Entrance road. Truck traffic for this operation could range from 10-20 
trucks per day.

 
Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit B
 
  	• 	  	

Access to the Flyash silos and scales on the North side of the Station is 
to remain open and free of interference at all times.

 
  	• 	  	

At grade crossing of the railroad tracks shall conform to approved 
procedure currently in force.


STATION ACTIVITIES POTENTIALLY INTERACTING WITH THE FGD PROJECT:

Table B-1 provides a summary of other Station activities that may 
potentially interact with the FGD and New Gen projects. The Owner and 
Contractor will demonstrate cooperative efforts to minimize the impact of 
these activities with respect to the Contractor’s Site construction and 
commissioning activities.


SECURITY THREAT LEVELS

The Contractor shall be aware of the Security Threat Level System employed 
by the Owner at the Cliffside Steam Station.


SECURITY PLAN DURING CONSTRUCTION

Temporary fencing will be installed during the construction phase. The 
intent is to isolate the Contractor’s site activities and protect material 
and equipment which the Contractor will have on site to execute the project 
work. The Contractor will be permitted to work inside the Station fencing 
for construction activities as required. Access will be granted on an as 
needed basis. The Contractor shall be held accountable for controlling 
access through the project’s gates while they are being used for either 
employee or material movement. The Contractor shall permit Station 
employees access into the construction areas to commission, operate, and 
maintain equipment as necessary.


Specific examples for Contractor access inside the Station security fence 
include, but are not limited to, the following:
 
  	• 	  	

Rail modifications around the coal yard and the North and East side of the 
Station

 
  	• 	  	

Fire water tank and pumping station construction

 
  	• 	  	

Ash line modification

 
  	• 	  	

Relocation of the Club House

 
  	• 	  	

Duct ties to ID fans

 
  	• 	  	

Balance of plant process system ties

 
  	• 	  	

Ties to existing plant controls systems

 
  	• 	  	

Ties to Station provided construction power

 
Page 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit B


[LOGO]
 
Page 5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit B


Table B-1


Other Station Activities Potentially Interacting with the FGD Project
 
Innage/Outage
   	
Activity
   	
Location (s) of Activities
in Station
   	
Remarks
Spring 2008 	   	
Catalyst Layer
Installation
   	Northeast and Southwest of Unit 5 SCR 	   	
Large cranes will be located on NE and SW
side of Unit 5 SCR for installation of another catalyst layer.
Spring 2009 	   	
Turbine Overhaul
and Preheater
Replacement
   	
Work will be inside the Unit 5 facility.
Workforce increase and material laydown
will be needed.
   	Work will be accomplished inside the Unit 5 Powerhouse. Increased 
workforce traffic and material receipt will impact space around the 
Station.
Spring 2009 	   	Replace Final Reheat 	   	Unit 5 Boiler 	   	
Work will be accomplished inside the Unit 5
Boiler. Increased workforce traffic and
material receipt will impact space around the
Station.
Spring 2009 	   	ESP Upgrade (Possible) 	   	Northeast and Southwest of 
Unit 5 SCR 	   	
Large cranes will be located on NE and SW
side of Unit 5 SCR for installation of another catalyst layer.
 
Page 6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT C — Unit 5 Key Milestones
 
Activity ID
   	
Activity Description
   	
Start/Finish
   	
Date
***
   	
***
   	
***
   	
***

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT C — Unit 6 Key Milestones
 
Activity ID
   	
Activity Description
   	
Start/Finish
   	
Date
***
   	
***
   	
***
   	
***

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit D


EXHIBIT D


List of Contractor Supplied Permits and Approvals
 
1 of 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit D
 
Type of Permit
   	
Date to
be
Obtained
   	
Responsible
Party
   	
Comments
Construction Permits 	   	As required 	   	EPC Contractor 	   	
To include demolition, burning,
blasting, and fueling (if required) permits. Based on previous projects, no 
building permits are expected to be required .
Temporary
Construction Power
Supply Inspection
   	N/A 	   	EPC Contractor 	   	Contractor will verify with Rutherford 
County and Cleveland County inspections are not required. (Same procedure 
as at Marshall FGD)
Over the road hauling
permits for Station
Material
   	As needed 	   	EPC Contractor 	   	Required for material delivered to 
the station.
Over the road hauling
permits for Contractor
construction equipment
   	As needed 	   	EPC Contractor 	   	Contractor construction equipment 
will be permitted by Contractor.
NC DOT Permit for
temporary
construction entrance
   	As needed 	   	 	   	If new driveway required, Contractor to prepare 
documents for submittal to NC DOT. NC DOT requires at least 1 month to 
review submittals.
FAA Notification for
Temporary Structures
or Equipment
   	As required 	   	EPC Contractor 	   	Permit required for any crane 
exceeding the height of the existing chimney. NOTE: FAA permitting for the 
stack to be handled by Owner. (Ref. Exhibit E)
Air Quality Permit for
FRP Composite Liner
Fabrication
   	As required 	   	EPC Contractor 	   	
Allows FRP contractor to use resins, styrene and other solvents in FRP 
fabrication facility.
Submit application to Duke for review and approval two weeks prior to 
submitting to NC DENR, Dept of Air Quality
Air Quality Permit for
Ready-Mix Concrete
Batch Plant
   	As required 	   	EPC Contractor 	   	
Permit will be obtained by concrete supplier.
Duke to review and approve permit application prior to application 
submittal by subcontractor.
Erosion Control 	   	As required 	   	EPC Contractor 	   	Required prior to 
start of site clearing activities
Boiler Inspections;
Required for Aux
Boiler
   	Prior to start up of boiler 	   	EPC Contractor 	   	
Permit/certification required prior to startup of boiler, NOTE: Duke to 
obtain for main Hitachi boiler
Elevators 	   	As required 	   	EPC Contractor 	   	Inspection/permits for 
all elevators installed by EPC Contractor
 
2 of 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit E


EXHIBIT E


List of Owner Supplied Permits
 
1of 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit E
 
Owner Supplied
Permits
   	
Comments
Title V Air Permit Modification 	   	Permit is required, as identified in 
Exhibit C Schedule, prior to construction of any permanent foundation for 
the Work. Contractor will provide drawing and data for each emission 
source.
Certification to
DENR-Air
   	Owner will submit notifications as required by air permit. Owner will 
provide schedule of notifications to Contractor. Contractor will ensure 
required notification events are included in the Schedule.
NPDES Permit Modification 	   	Permit modification will incorporate 
additional waste streams generated by operation of the Unit 5 FGD System. 
Modified permit expected in                 , 2007.
FAA Notification for Stack 	   	Owner will be responsible for obtaining 
permit for new stack.
NC DOT 	   	Permits, as required, for state road modifications, crossings 
or bridge.
CSX 	   	Permits, as required, for rail track modifications, under borings, 
etc.
Building Permits 	   	State, county or municipal building permits. EPC 
Contractor will coordinate any required inspections by issuing authority.
Septic Field Permit
and Zoning Permit
   	Contractor to provide design and dwgs. to support permit application. 
County to perform perk tests.
 
2 of 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit E
 
Owner Supplied Utilities and Equipment
   	
Description
Commissioning Consumables for Start-up and Testing 	   	Owner will provide 
all fuel, limestone, CEMS calibration gases for start-up and tesing.
Construction Electrical Power 	   	Owner will supply electrical power. Cost 
of power will be paid by Owner. Contractor will provide all on-Site power 
distribution for construction purposes.
Construction (Service) Water 	   	Owner will provide a source for 
Contractor to fill tanker truck with service water. Plant makeup water 
system will be used for construction service water upon installation of 
permanent service water tap.
Potable Water 	   	Owner will supply potable water via tie-in to Grassy 
Pond Water System on site. Contractor will provide any materials and 
equipment necessary for its capacity and distribution requirements.
Spoil Disposal Area 	   	Areas for placement of soil and rock spoil will be 
provided by Owner within the limits of clearing identified in Exhibit A. 
Contractor will place soil and rock spoils in identified areas. Contractor 
will dispose of concrete and asphalt off-Site.
Asbestos and Lead Paint Abatement/Disposal 	   	Owner is responsible for 
all asbestos and lead paint abatement and disposal. EPC Contractor is 
responsible for identifying all areas requiring asbestos and lead paint 
abatement.
Railroad Ties Disposal 	   	Owner is responsible for disposal of all 
railroad ties removed as part of rail upgrade work. Contractor is 
responsible for providing number of ties expected to Owner and stockpiling 
ties at an on-Site location to be determined by Owner. Stockpile will be 
maintained in orderly manner by Contractor at the designated location.
Parking, Laydown, Construction Trailer Areas 	   	Owner will provide space 
onsite for parking, laydown, construction trailers, etc. EPC Contractor is 
responsible for preparation and maintenance (grading, paving, etc.) of 
these areas.
 
3 of 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit F

Cliffside Unit 5 Scrubber Cash Flow Plan
 
Month
   	Incremental % 	   	Incremental $ 	   	Cumulative % 	   	Cumulative $
***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
 
1 of 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit F

Cliffside Unit 6 Cash Flow Plan
 
Month
   	Incremental % 	   	Incremental $ 	   	Cumulative % 	   	Cumulative $
***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
 
1 of 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cliffside Unit 6 Cash Flow Plan
 
Month
   	Incremental % 	   	Incremental $ 	   	Cumulative % 	   	Cumulative $
***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
 
2 of 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit F-1


Cliffside Units 5 Scrubber Payment Milestones
 
  	   	  	   	  	   	Milestone 	   	 
Invoice # 	   	
Activity ID
   	
Description of Milestones
   	Value 	   	JTD 	   	
Milestone Definition
*** 	   	*** 	   	
***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
 
1 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cliffside Units 5 Scrubber Payment Milestones
 
  	   	  	   	  	   	Milestone 	   	 
Invoice # 	   	
Activity ID
   	
Description of Milestones
   	Value 	   	JTD 	   	
Milestone Definition
*** 	   	
***
   	
***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	
***
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
 
Page 2 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cliffside Units 5 Scrubber Payment Milestones
 
  	   	  	   	  	   	Milestone 	   	 
Invoice # 	   	
Activity ID
   	
Description of Milestones
   	Value 	   	JTD 	   	
Milestone Definition
*** 	   	*** 	   	
***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
 
Page 3 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cliffside Units 5 Scrubber Payment Milestones
 
  	   	  	   	  	   	Milestone 	   	 
Invoice # 	   	
Activity ID
   	
Description of Milestones
   	Value 	   	JTD 	   	
Milestone Definition
*** 	   	*** 	   	
***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
 
Page 4 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cliffside Units 5 Scrubber Payment Milestones
 
  	   	  	   	  	   	Milestone 	   	 
Invoice # 	   	
Activity ID
   	
Description of Milestones
   	Value 	   	JTD 	   	
Milestone Definition
*** 	   	*** 	   	
***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
 
Page 5 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit F-2

Cliffside Unit 5 ***
 
Month
   	Incremental $ 	   	Cumulative $
 ***
   	*** 	   	***
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
   	 	   	
 
1 of 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cliffside Units 6 Payment Milestones
  	   	  	   	  	   	Milestone 	   	 
Invoice # 	   	
Activity ID
   	
Description of Milestones
   	Value 	   	JTD 	   	
Milestone Definition
*** 	   	*** 	   	
***
   	*** 	   	*** 	   	***
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
 
Page 10 of 7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	J.O./W.O. NO 	   	120631 	   	SECTION NO.: 	   	
[LOGO]
EPC CONTRACT
 
Exhibit G
   	PAGE 	   	Page 1 of 1 	   	DATE 	   	7/6/2007
   	
 
CLIENT
   	Duke Energy Carolinas, LLC 	   	
   	
 
PROJECT
   	Cliffside Modernization 	   	
   	
 
TITLE
   	Exhibit G – Contractor’s Key Personnel 	   	


Exhibit G
Contractor’s Key Personnel
 
Project Management Leadership
Responsibility
   	
Name
   	
Roll-off Date

 Project Manager

   	Bobby Smith 	   	3rd Qtr 2011

 Project Manager AQCS

   	Tom Hinrichs 	   	3rd Qtr 2011

 Project Controls Manager

   	Randy Hudson 	   	3rd Qtr 2012

 Procurement Manager

   	Ed Terres 	   	3rd Qtr 2010

 Subcontracts Manager

   	Wilbur Holaday 	   	1st Qtr 2012
Home Office Engineering
Responsibility
   	
Name
   	
Roll-off Date

 Project Engineering Manager - Coal

   	TBD 	   	1st Qtr 2011

 Project Engineering Manager AQCS

   	Curtis Jacobs 	   	3rd Qtr 2010

 CSA Material Handling Lead Engineer

   	Wade Byrum 	   	3rd Qtr 2009

 Mechanical Systems Lead Engineer

   	Brent Pressley 	   	2nd Qtr 2011

 Mechanical Equipment Lead Engineer

   	Ken Beatty 	   	2nd Qtr 2011

 Layout & Piping Lead Engineer

   	Lowell Nelson 	   	2nd Qtr 2011

 I&C Lead Engineer

   	Steve Jansen 	   	4th Qtr 2011

 Electrical Lead Engineer

   	Mike Henderson 	   	3rd Qtr 2011
Construction Management Leadership
Responsibility
   	
Name
   	
Roll-off Date

 Construction Site Representative

   	Terry Gray 	   	3rd Qtr 2011

 Site Manager

   	Bob Lynch 	   	2nd Qtr 2012

 Area Manager Balance of Plant (BOP)

   	Tim Wagar 	   	2nd Qtr 2011

 Boiler Area Manager

   	TBD 	   	2nd Qtr 2011

 STG Area Manager

   	TBD 	   	2nd Qtr 2011

 AQCS Area Manager

   	TBD 	   	2nd Qtr 2011

 Project Controls Manager Field

   	Donny Sims 	   	3rd Qtr 2012

 Quality Control Manager

   	Dave Cowart 	   	2nd Qtr 2011

 Construction Engineering Manager

   	John Fehr 	   	3rd Qtr 2011
Commissioning Management
Responsibility
   	
Name
   	
Roll-off Date

 Commissioning Manager

   	TBD 	   	2nd Qtr 2012

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT H - Approved Vendor List - Material & Equipment
Rev. 1 - JULY 9, 2007
 
Equipment / Items
   	 
*** 	   	***
 
Page 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Equipment / Items
   	 
*** 	   	
***
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Page 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Equipment / Items
   	 
*** 	   	
***
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Page 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPROVED SUBCONTRACTOR LIST
   	
Rev. 1, 7/9/07

 Company Name

   	
*** 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit I 	   	 	   	 	   	
***
 
Page 1 of 21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit J-1


EXHIBIT J
***
 
1 of 6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit J-1
 
***


THIS GUARANTY is given this 11th day of July, 2007 by *** (“Guarantor”), 
for the benefit of DUKE ENERGY CAROLINAS, LLC, a limited liability company 
organized under the laws of the State of North Carolina (“Owner”).



WITNESSETH:


WHEREAS, Owner plans to have constructed a new nominally-rated 800 MW 
supercritical generating Unit 6 and a new flue gas desulfurization system 
on the existing Unit 5 at its electric generating facility known as 
Cliffside Steam Station (the “Project”); and


WHEREAS, Owner has entered into a Engineering, Procurement and Construction 
Agreement dated July 11, 2007 (the “Contract”) with Stone and Webster 
National Engineering P.C. (“Contractor”), whereby Contractor will provide 
certain services for the Project; and


WHEREAS, as a condition to Owner entering into the Contract with 
Contractor, Guarantor must guaranty the obligations of Contractor under the 
Contract in accordance with the terms set forth herein; and


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and other good 
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby 
acknowledged, Guarantor hereby agrees as follows:

1. GUARANTEE. Guarantor absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably 
guarantees to Owner that:

(a) if for any reason Contractor shall fail to make proper payment to Owner 
of any amounts from time to time due and payable by Contractor under the 
Contract, including, but not limited to, the payment of damages, Guarantor 
will pay to Owner such amount not paid by Contractor. Guarantor will make 
such payment within thirty (30) days of having received from Owner written 
notice of such failure and a demand for payment, such payment being the 
same as would have been received by Owner had such amount been duly paid by 
Contractor in accordance with the terms of the Contract.


(b) if for any reason Contractor shall fail to perform or cause to be 
performed any other duty, obligation, warranty, guarantee or responsibility 
imposed upon Contractor under the Contract, Guarantor will, upon receipt of 
written notice of such failure and demand by Owner, perform or cause to be 
performed such duty, obligation, warranty, guarantee or responsibility in 
accordance with the Contract.


2. UNCONDITIONAL OBLIGATION. This is a guarantee of payment and performance 
and not of collection. The liability of Guarantor under this Guaranty is 
direct, irrevocable and not conditional or contingent upon the pursuit of 
any remedies against Contractor or any other
 
2 of 6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit J-1
 
person or entity, nor upon any other recourse available to Owner, its 
successors, endorsees, transferees, or assigns. Guarantor waives any and 
all rights it may now or in the future have under law or in equity to 
require either that an action be brought against Contractor or any other 
person or entity as a condition to proceeding against Guarantor.


3. ABSOLUTE OBLIGATION. The obligations of Guarantor under this Guaranty 
are absolute and without regard to lack of power or authority of Contractor 
to enter into the Contract or any other circumstances which might otherwise 
constitute a legal or equitable discharge of a surety or guarantor. 
Guarantor agrees that Owner and Contractor may modify or amend the Contract 
and that Owner may delay or extend the date on which any guaranteed 
obligation must be paid or performed, or release Contractor from any 
guaranteed obligation or waive any right thereunder, all without notice to 
or further assent by Guarantor, which shall remain bound by this Guaranty, 
notwithstanding any such act by Owner. The obligations of Guarantor under 
this Guaranty shall not be affected, reduced, or impaired upon the 
happening of any of the following events:

(a) the failure to give notice to Guarantor of the occurrence of a default 
under the terms and provisions of the Contract, provided Owner has complied 
with the notice requirements of the Contract;


(b) the change, modification or amendment of any obligation, duty, 
guarantee, warranty, responsibility, covenant or agreement (including 
without limitation Change Orders) set forth in the Contract;


(c) any failure, omission, delay by or inability on the part of Owner to 
assert or exercise any right, power or remedy conferred upon Owner under 
the Contract;


(d) the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, sale or other 
disposition of all or substantially all of any of Contractor’s assets, the 
receivership, insolvency, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of 
creditors, reorganization of, or similar proceedings affecting Contractor 
or any of the assets of Contractor;


(e) the merger or consolidation of Contractor into or with any corporation 
or other entity, or Contractor’s loss of its separate corporate identity or 
its ceasing to be an affiliate of Guarantor;


(f) any action by Owner under the Contract granting indulgence or extension 
of time for payment to Contractor or any other surety except as so granted; 
or


(g) the assignment of any right, title or interest of Owner in the Contract 
pursuant to the terms thereof to any other person or entity.


4. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained herein, Guarantor’ obligations to perform in accordance with 
Article 1 hereof: (a) shall be subject to the same limitations as limit 
Contractor’s duty to perform under the Contract, and Guarantor
 
3 of 6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit J-1
 
shall be entitled to assert the same rights, releases, indemnities, hold 
harmless provisions, insurance protection, and all limitations of liability 
including monetary limitations of liability against Owner hereunder as 
Contractor might assert against Owner under the Contract, (b) shall not 
expand or in any way exceed the obligations of Contractor under the 
Contract, and (c) shall not extend beyond expiry or termination of 
Contractor’s obligations under the Contract.


5. WAIVER OF NOTICE. Guarantor hereby waives notice of (a) Owner’s 
acceptance and reliance on this Guaranty; (b) default or demand in the case 
of default, provided such notice or demand has been given to or made upon 
Contractor; and (c) any indulgences, extensions or consents granted to 
Contractor or any other surety. Guarantor waives promptness, diligence, 
presentment, demand of payment or enforcement and any other notice with 
respect to any of the guaranteed obligations and this Guaranty.


6. SUBROGATION RIGHTS. Any subrogation rights of Guarantor arising by 
reason of any payments made under this Guaranty shall be subordinate to the 
performance in full by Contractor of all obligations under the Contract, 
including, without limitation, payment in full of all amounts which may be 
owing by Contractor to Owner thereunder.


7. TERM. This Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect until the 
completion of Contractor’s obligations under the Contract.


8. ASSIGNMENT. This Guaranty shall inure to the benefit of Owner, its 
successors and permitted assigns and shall be binding upon Guarantor and 
its successors and permitted assigns. Owner may at any time assign this 
Guaranty to any person or entity to whom Owner assigns the Contract in 
accordance with the terms thereof, including a collateral assignment of 
Owner’s right, title and interest in and to this Guaranty in connection 
with obtaining financing for the Project. Guarantor may not assign this 
Guaranty without the prior written consent of Owner, which may be withheld 
in Owner’s sole discretion.


9. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. Guarantor hereby represents, warrants 
and covenants that:

(a) entering into this Guaranty and performance hereunder (i) is not an 
event of default or otherwise contrary to any obligation by which Guarantor 
may be bound, and (ii) will not result in the creation or imposition of any 
lien upon any property of Guarantor;


(b) Guarantor is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in 
good standing under the laws of Louisiana and is in good standing in each 
jurisdiction where the failure to be in good standing would materially and 
adversely affect its ability to perform its obligations under this 
Guaranty, and Guarantor will maintain its existence and remain in good 
standing under such laws;


(c) the execution and delivery by Guarantor of this Guaranty, and the 
performance by Guarantor of its obligations hereunder (i) are within 
Guarantor’s corporate powers, (ii) have been duly authorized by all 
necessary action, (corporate or otherwise), (iii) do
 
4 of 6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit J-1
 
not contravene any law or regulation applicable to or binding on Guarantor 
or any of its properties, and (iv) do not require the consent or approval 
of any person or entity which has not already been obtained;


(d) this Guaranty constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of 
Guarantor enforceable against Guarantor in accordance with its terms.


10. SEVERABILITY. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of 
this Guaranty shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the 
remaining provisions of this Guaranty, which shall be enforced to the 
greatest extent permitted by law.


11. EXERCISE OF REMEDIES. No single or partial exercise by Owner or its 
successors or assigns of any right or remedy shall preclude any further 
exercise thereof.


12. WAIVERS. No delay or omission to exercise any right or power of Owner 
shall impair any such right or power or shall be construed to be a waiver 
thereof. No waiver of any right of Owner under this Guaranty shall be 
effective unless made pursuant to an instrument in writing duly executed by 
Owner.


13. NOTICES. All notices permitted or required to be given under this 
Guaranty shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given when sent by 
telefacsimile transmission, by overnight courier, by personal delivery or 
on the seventh (7th) day following the date on which such notice is 
deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, certified, return receipt 
requested. All notices shall be delivered or sent to the parties at their 
respective address(es) or number(s) shown below or to such other 
address(es) or number(s) as a party may designate by prior written notice 
given in accordance with this provision to the other party:


If to Owner:
 
If to Duke: 	   	Duke Energy Carolinas, LLC
   	Mail Code EC11T
   	P. O. Box 1006
   	Charlotte, NC 28201-1006
   	Attn: Dan Herzberg
   	Facsimile No: 704-382-5275
with a copy to: 	   	Duke Energy Carolinas, LLC
   	Mail Code EC03T
   	P. O. Box 1006
   	Charlotte, NC 28201-1006
   	Attn: General Counsel, Franchise Electric & Gas
   	Facsimile No: 704-382-5690
 
5 of 6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit J-1
 
If to Guarantor:
 
   	
***
   	
***
   	
***
   	***
   	
***


14. AMENDMENT. No amendment of this Guaranty shall be effective unless made 
pursuant to an instrument in writing duly executed by both Owner and 
Guarantor.


15. GOVERNING LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. This Guaranty shall in all 
respects be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the 
State of North Carolina, without giving effect to any choice of law rules 
thereof which may direct the application of the laws of another 
jurisdiction.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Guarantor has executed this Guaranty as of the date 
first written above.


“Guarantor”
 
 ***

 By:

  	

  

 Name:

  	

  

 Title:

  	

  
 
6 of 6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT J-2


PERFORMANCE LETTER OF CREDIT


***

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A
FORM OF DRAWING CERTIFICATE


(DATE)
[NAME AND ADDRESS OF ISSUER]
Attention:
 
  	Re: 	Performance Letter of Credit No.                     
Dated                     


Ladies and Gentlemen:

1. Any capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have 
the meanings set forth in the above-referenced letter of credit (the 
“Letter of Credit”).


2. The undersigned certifies that the undersigned is an authorized officer 
representative of [INSERT NAME OF BENEFICIARY], the beneficiary of the 
Letter of Credit, and hereby further certifies as follows:

(a) [INSERT NAME OF BENEFICIARY] is the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit 
(the “Beneficiary”), and hereby demands the payment of U.S. $             
to the following account:

[Insert wire instructions (to include name and account number of the 
Beneficiary)]

(b) The amount demanded in this Drawing Certificate does not exceed the 
amount of the Letter of Credit on the date hereof.

(c) Pursuant to the terms and provisions of that certain [STATE AGREEMENT 
BETWEEN BENEFICIARY AND APPLICANT TO WHICH THIS LETTER OF CREDIT RELATES] 
(the “Contract”), Stone & Webster National Engineering P.C. has failed to 
fulfill certain of its obligations under the Contract and Beneficiary is 
entitled to the draw of the funds requested under this Drawing Certificate.

(d) Stone & Webster National Engineering P.C. has received our written 
notification as required by the Contract specifying the non-compliance and 
has failed to correct the same within the applicable cure period, if any, 
set forth in the Contract.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Drawing Certificate 
as of the        day of                     ,         .

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 [INSERT NAME OF BENEFICIARY]

 By:

  	

  

 Name:

  	

  

 Title:

  	

  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B
FORM OF REDUCTION CERTIFICATE


(DATE)
[NAME AND ADDRESS OF ISSUER]
Attention:
 
  	Re: 	Performance Letter of Credit No.                     
Dated                     


Ladies and Gentlemen:

1. Any capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have 
the meanings set forth in the above-referenced letter of credit (the 
“Letter of Credit”).


2. The undersigned certifies that the undersigned is an authorized officer 
representative of [INSERT NAME OF BENEFICIARY], the beneficiary of the 
Letter of Credit, and hereby further certifies as follows:

[INSERT NAME OF BENEFICIARY] is the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit 
(the “Beneficiary”), and hereby authorizes a reduction of the amount of the 
Letter of Credit, and the Issuer is hereby instructed and authorized to 
reduce the amount of the Letter of Credit to              US dollars (US$   
         ).


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Reduction Certificate 
as of the      day of                     ,             .
 
[INSERT NAME OF BENEFICIARY]

 By:

  	

  

 Name:

  	

  

 Title:

  	

  

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit J-3


EXHIBIT J-3


***
 
  	   	
LOC AMOUNT
   	
DATES OF LOC
AND REDUCTION

 1

   	
***
   	
***

 2

   	
***
   	
***

 3

   	
***
   	
***

 4

   	
***
   	
***

 5

   	
***
   	
***

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[LOGO] 	   	J.O./W.O. NO 	   	120631 	   	SECTION NO.: 	   	
   	PAGE 	   	Page 1 of 1 	   	DATE 	   	7/6/2007
   	CLIENT 	   	Duke Energy Carolinas, LLC 	   	 	   	
EPC CONTRACT 	   	PROJECT 	   	Cliffside Modernization 	   	 	   	
Exhibit K 	   	TITLE 	   	Exhibit K– Reimbursable Costs 	   	 	   	


Exhibit K


Reimbursable Costs


***

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT L-1


Unit 5 Scrubber
Performance Test and Guarantees
(Subject to discussions with Alstom)
 
1.0 	Performance Conditions
 
  	1.1 	Section 1.0 presents performance conditions for the Unit 5 
Scrubber.
 
  	1.2 	The guaranteed values provided are valid only when the volumetric 
flow rate of the flue gas from the boiler entering Unit 5 Scrubber, the 
flue gas temperature, sulfur dioxide, sulfur trioxide, hydrogen chloride, 
hydrogen fluoride, and particulate concentrations are less than or equal to 
the values stated in Exhibit A.
 
  	1.3 	Guarantee values are applicable only when the fuels, limestone, and 
water are within the range as defined in Exhibit A. The guaranteed values 
are also predicated upon operation of the Unit 5 Scrubber at or below a 
steady state chlorides concentration of ***.

The guaranteed values are conditioned upon: operation of the equipment by 
the Owner in accordance with generally accepted industry practice and the 
following guidelines and tolerances as set forth in ASME PTC 40; and in 
accordance with the specified conditions of service and operating 
instructions furnished by the Contractor; and the proper maintenance of the 
equipment.
 
  	1.4 	Guaranteed values are to be determined by testing in accordance 
with the conditions and protocols provided in Section 4.0 entitled 
“Performance Testing.”
 
2.0 	Emissions Guarantees
 
  	2.1 	The following emissions guarantees are applicable based on the 
general conditions in Section 1.0.
 
  	

2.2

SO2 Emission Limit : The Unit 5 Scrubber shall achieve a minimum SO2 
removal efficiency of *** with an SO2 inlet concentration equal to or less 
than *** lb SO2/MMBtu, without organic acid addition, under all boiler load 
conditions from *** MCR. The Unit 5 Scrubber shall be capable of operating 
at the guaranteed removal efficiency during upset conditions with 
particulate concentrations up to *** lb/MMBtu. SO2 Emission is a Make Right 
Performance Guarantee.

 
  	2.3 	Particulate Matter Emission (excluding condensables): The 
particulate emission at the exit of the Unit 5 Scrubber shall be *** 
removal or *** lb/MMBtu; whichever is less stringent, up to an inlet 
particulate load of *** lb/MMBtu. Particulate Matter Emission is an LD 
Performance Guarantee.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3.0 	Other Performance Guarantees
 
  	3.1 	The following performance guarantees are applicable based on the 
performance conditions in Section 1.0. All guarantees described in this 
section shall be achieved simultaneously with the emissions guarantees.
 
  	3.1.1 	Gypsum Composition: The gypsum cake leaving the Unit 5 Scrubber 
system shall possess the characteristics shown in Table 3.1 as verified 
using the procedures given in Table 3.1. Gypsum Composition is a Make Right 
Performance Guarantee.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(a) Table 3.1 Gypsum Characteristics
(b) Characteristics
   	
(c) Values
   	
(d) Units
   	
(e) Test Method
Purity (CaSO4•2H2O) 	   	
***
   	wt.%, dry 	   	
ASTM C471 or
EPRI L1, Titration
Residual Moisture, (maximum) 	   	
***
   	wt.% free water 	   	
Solids content
measured by EPRI
F1, Gravimetric
Mean particle size, (range) 	   	
***
   	µm 	   	
EPRI G1, Wet
Screening or
Laser Diffraction,
e.g., Mictrotrac or
similar
Heavy Metals 	   	
***
***
***
   	 	   	EPA SW846, Method 1311
Free Silica 	   	
***
   	wt.%, dry 	   	ASTM C471, Gravimetric
Aspect Ratio Z To Y 	   	
***
   	 	   	NGC 19-4-14
Acid Insoluble Inerts 	   	
***
   	wt.%, dry 	   	ASTM C471
Chloride (maximum) 	   	*** 	   	ppmd 	   	
ASTM C471 or
EPRI O4, Ion-specific
electrode
pH 	   	
***
   	 	   	EPRI C1, pH meter
Sulfite (CaSO3•H2O), maximum 	   	
***
   	ppmd 	   	EPRI M2, Titration
Sodium (water soluble) 	   	
***
   	ppmd 	   	ASTM C471
Magnesium (water soluble) 	   	
***
   	ppmd 	   	ASTM C471/EPRI J3
Nickel (water soluble) 	   	
***
   	ppmd 	   	ASTM D1976
Vanadium (water soluble) 	   	
***
   	ppmd 	   	ASTM D1976
Ammonia (NH4 ion) 	   	
***
   	ppmd 	   	ASTM D1426-B
 
  	3.1.2 	Chloride Purge Stream: Based on fuel chloride concentration, the 
chloride purge stream from the Unit 5 Scrubber shall meet the requirements 
specified in Tables 3.1.2-a and 3.1.2-b at the Contractor’s discharge to 
the Unit 5 Purge Stream Waste Water Treatment System (PSWWTS). Chloride 
Purge Stream discharge composition, except Mercury and Selenium, is a Make 
Right Guarantee. Remediation, which includes modifications to the system 
design and requirements due to failure to meet the guaranteed Purge Stream 
Composition, are subject to approval by the Owner.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table 3.1.2-a FGD Purge Stream Characteristics (excluding 2-day surge 
events)

For Low Fuel Chloride Concentration (***)
 
Characteristic
   	
Units
   	
Value

 pH

   	pH SU 	   	
***

 TSS

   	mg/l 	   	
***

 Chloride (Cl)

   	Ppm 	   	***.

 Temperature

   	°F 	   	***

 TDS

   	mg/l 	   	
***

 Volumetric Flow Rate

   	Gpm 	   	
***



Table 3.1.2-b FGD Purge Stream Characteristics (excluding 2-day surge 
events)

For High Fuel Chloride Concentration (***)
 
Characteristic
   	
Units
   	
Value

 pH

   	pH SU 	   	
***

 TSS

   	mg/l 	   	
***

 Chloride (Cl)

   	Ppm 	   	
***

 Temperature

   	°F 	   	
***

 TDS

   	mg/l 	   	
***

 Volumetric Flow Rate

   	Gpm 	   	
***
 
  	3.1.3 	Electric Power Consumption: The 24-hour average electrical power 
consumption for the entire Unit 5 Scrubber, measured at the output of the 
(TBD), shall not exceed *** kW based on the following:

*** MCR for                     ; *** acfm at nnn°F
3 spray levels operating;
*** lbs SO2/MMBtu sulfur coal;
*** SO2 removal.

The four *** Makeup Water Pumps (SSW) powered from Duke’s existing station 
auxiliary system are not included in the Unit 5 Scrubber Electric Power 
Consumption determination.

Electric Power Consumption is an LD Performance Guarantee.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	3.1.4 	Limestone Consumption: The stoichiometric ratio (mole Reactive 
Ca/mole S Removed) for the Unit 5 Scrubber shall not exceed *** on a total 
plant basis while operating at steady state conditions. This guarantee is 
predicated on *** wt% (minimum) of the limestone being reactive calcium 
carbonate equivalent. Reactive calcium carbonate shall be determined using 
the ALSTOM Power Limestone Reactivity Test. Limestone Consumption is an LD 
Performance Guarantee.
 
4.0 	Performance Testing
 
  	4.1 	Section 5.0 provides conditions and procedures for executing the 
tests required to determine satisfaction of the Emissions and Performance 
Guarantees. For more detailed information on performance testing, refer to 
the Cliffside Modernization Project Testing Procedure.
 
  	4.2 	Contractor shall be responsible for providing all permanent testing 
instrumentation and sample test ports/valves required to conduct the 
Performance Testing. The responsibility for submittal of any regulatory 
certification of emissions monitoring equipment required by Government will 
be borne by the Owner.
 
  	4.3 	Performance Testing Procedures shall be developed by the Contractor 
with approval by the Owner no less than *** days prior to Contractor’s 
Notice of Substantial Completion of the Unit 5 Scrubber. Testing Procedures 
shall include identification of all sample/measurement points, specific 
test methods where applicable, calibration requirements for all 
instrumentation and data collection devices specified in the Testing 
Procedure. Contractor shall provide correction or guarantee curves *** days 
prior to commencement of Performance Testing, approved by the Owner, for 
determining compliance with guarantee parameters where the basis of design 
conditions cannot be duplicated. At a minimum, the following correction 
curves are to be provided:
 
  	

•

  	

***

 
  	• 	  	

***

 
  	4.4 	Performance Testing shall be conducted by a mutually agreed upon 
third-party testing contractor hired by the Contractor for performing all 
Performance Testing.
 
  	4.5 	Performance Testing will commence no less than *** after Notice of 
Substantial Completion for the Unit 5 Scrubber and in accordance with the 
approved Test Procedures. Prior to the start of the Performance Testing, 
the Unit 5 Scrubber is to operate at steady-state conditions with *** for 
duration of at least ***.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	4.6 	Testing shall be performed by the Contractor-provided third party 
testing contractor with the Owner’s and Contractor’s full participation in 
accordance with the approved Test Procedures. Testing shall be performed 
without cleaning or adjustment of equipment except for that which is 
normally carried out while in operation or which is approved by the Owner.
 
  	4.7 	Test Locations: Contractor will provide test ports, sampling valves 
and suitable access as required for all Contractor-supplied equipment. 
Testing/sampling locations will be noted on General Arrangement Drawings 
and are provided in accordance with the Agreement.
 
  	4.8 	During the Performance Testing, the Unit 5 Boiler shall be operated 
at *** MCR for a minimum of *** and for the duration of the testing. 
Operation of the boiler will be controlled to the maximum extent possible 
to comply with the conditions listed above and the Owner’s specification.
 
  	4.9 	A draft test report will be prepared by the testing company and 
submitted simultaneously to the Owner and/or its agent and to Contractor 
for review and comment. A final report incorporating any comments will then 
be prepared and submitted by the testing company. Reports will include, as 
a minimum, a full discussion of the Testing Procedures, sample data 
reduction calculations, raw data sheets and logs, tabulations of reduced 
data and results, a discussion of potential uncertainty and error, and a 
discussion of the results.
 
  	4.10 	Treatment of Test Data: The test data shall be examined and 
analyzed according to the following statistical procedure: each data set 
will be examined for outliers; rejection of data points will be based on 
the method set forth in *** at the *** confidence level. Satisfaction of a 
guarantee will be achieved when the *** of the data points remaining after 
the rejection of outliers is determined to be at the value of the guarantee 
within a confidence level of ***. This method is described in Applied 
Statistics for Engineers, *** alternative data reduction procedures 
acceptable to both the Contractor and the Owner may be employed.
 
  	4.11 	Notification: The Contractor shall be notified within *** days of 
Owner receiving the test results in writing if, in the opinion of the 
Owner, there is evidence that any Performance Guarantees are not being met.
 
  	4.12 	Retuning or modifications required as a result of failure to meet 
Guaranteed Emission Limits shall be cause for complete retesting of the 
Unit 5 Scrubber at the discretion of the Owner in accordance with the 
approved Test Procedures conducted by the Owner provided third party 
testing contractor at the expense of the Contractor.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	4.13 	Availability of Supporting Data: The Owner and/or its agent agree 
to make available to Contractor all pertinent facility operating logs and 
data obtained during the performance test period, such as, but not limited 
to: ***
 
5.0 	Performance Liquidated Damages
 
  	5.1 	Values for Unit 5 Scrubber Liquidated Damages (LD) Performance 
Guarantees are listed in Table 5.1 below:
 
Characteristic
   	
Measure
   	
Value
***
   	

Based on scale of performance achieved 	   	
***
***
   	

Exceeding Performance *** 	   	
***
***
   	

Exceeding Performance *** 	   	
***

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT L-2


PERFORMANCE TESTING of UNIT 6
GUARANTEED UNIT NET HEAT RATE, OUTPUT, STEAM FLOW CAPACITY
& EMISSIONS
And
PERFORMANCE VERIFICATION of PLANT EQUIPMENT

------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.0 	INTRODUCTION
 
1.1 	Objective

This Exhibit establishes conditions, parameters and methods for *** of Unit 
6 *** guarantees established by the Agreement, corrected to the Base 
Performance Conditions identified in Section 7 of this Exhibit.

Unit 6 Net Output and Heat Rate will be tested, calculated and corrected 
based on the *** steam flow, identified in the Section 7. Main Steam Flow 
Capacity Testing will be at the ***.

Additionally, Performance Verification of the Steam Generator, Steam 
Turbine, and AQCS along with major plant equipment and systems is 
addressed.

Consumptive guarantees subject to Performance Liquidated Damages shall also 
be tested in accordance with this Exhibit and measured while simultaneously 
achieving Guaranteed Emission Limits and guaranteed gypsum quality.

Unit 6 will not exceed Permitted Emissions Limits as identified in Exhibit 
M, and measured in accordance with Table L-2.1 during Performance Testing. 
Emission Compliance Testing, including CEMS Certification testing, may 
occur prior to Substantial and Final Completion, with Guaranteed Emission 
Limits verified during Performance Testing of the Unit 6 using the 
certifiable CEMS (defined in Section 8.3).

If tuning or other adjustments to Unit 6 that may effect emissions occur 
after non-CEMS monitored emission acceptance and prior to Substantial 
and/or Final Completion, the Owner may require re-testing of emission 
compliance of non-CEMS monitored parameters to verify that tuning has not 
violated emission compliance.

Guaranteed Emission Limits and Guaranteed Removal (%) found in Exhibit M 
are Make Right Performance Guarantees.
 
1.2 	Performance Test Program Philosophy

Table L-2 summarizes the Performance Testing and Equipment Verification 
Program. The purpose of the Performance Test and Equipment Verification 
Program is fivefold:


1.2.1 ASME Code Testing
 
  	• 	  	

Unit Performance Testing - Confirm that individual Unit 6 *** guarantees 
contained in the Agreement are met, using

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	
ASME Performance Test Codes listed in Table L-2. If these values are not 
met, to establish the shortfall value for application of remedies or 
damages addressed in the Agreement with the Contractor.
 
  	• 	  	

Steam Generator, Steam Turbine and AQCS Testing - Confirm the performance 
guarantees of Owner Equipment, using Performance Test Codes listed in Table 
L-2. If these values are not met, to establish the shortfall value. These 
may be run concurrently with the Unit 6 Performance Test, where 
appropriate.


1.2.2 Non Code Testing
 
  	• 	  	

Major Equipment Verification - Report the performance of major equipment, 
using data collected either during Unit 6 Performance Testing or individual 
Equipment Verification Testing. If performance guarantees are not met, to 
establish an estimate of the shortfall value, for possible Code Testing.

 
  	• 	  	

Plant Baseline Data - Establish the overall Unit 6 Baseline Performance 
Data for key operating parameters based on a combination of data taken 
during the Unit 6 Performance Test, Steam Generator and Steam Turbine 
Performance Test and DCS collected data.

 
  	• 	  	

Emissions Compliance Test and CEMS Certification - Perform emission 
compliance test and certify CEMS in accordance with Cliffside Air Permit 
and referenced regulatory requirements.

 
1.3 	Agreement Authority

The Agreement contains specific information concerning guarantees, results, 
re-testing, schedule, remedies, liquidated damages and warranties, and is 
not addressed in this Performance Testing Exhibit.
 
1.4 	Performance of Owner Equipment

The Contractor’s *** Performance Guarantees are based on the guaranteed 
performance of the Owner Equipment. Plant performance test results shall be 
corrected for *** shortfalls that are not attributable to ***. It will be 
the Contractor’s responsibility to test, document and verify any such 
claimed performance shortfall.
 
1.5 	Substantial Completion Testing

The initial Performance Testing is used to satisfy the Minimum Performance 
Guarantee. This Test shall be satisfied by the same methods as the Unit 6 
Performance Test methodology, except where a substitute test method is 
approved by the Owner.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
A substitute test using installed plant permanent instrumentation in lieu 
of calibrated temporary test instrumentation may be approved after Owner 
review. The pricing defined in Exhibit I is based on the Contractor using 
plant permanent instrumentation for the initial Performance Testing to 
satisfy the Minimum Performance Guarantee. Additional temporary high 
accuracy instrumentation will be used by Contractor for purposes of 
verifying compliance with the Guaranteed Performance.

The initial Performance Test may satisfy the requirement of the Performance 
Guarantees if preformed in accordance with Section 6. of this Exhibit.
 
2.0 	TEST RESPONSIBILITY

All testing described in this Exhibit is in Contractor’s scope of supply.

A Test Contractor approved by the Owner, shall conduct the Unit 6 
Performance Test, Steam Generator and Steam Turbine Performance Test, and 
compile the Plant Baseline Data. The Contractor and the Test Contractor may 
share the responsibility for the Major Equipment Verification as outlined 
in Table L-2.

The Test Contractor shall be responsible for the Performance Test Plan 
(PTP) , test instrumentation including calibration and set up, pre and post 
test uncertainty analysis, conduct of the testing, data acquisition, data 
reduction, post test calculations, and test report for Unit 6 Performance 
Testing, Steam Generator and Steam Turbine Testing, Plant Baseline Data and 
Major Equipment Verification (except where excluded in Table L-2).
 
3.0 	PERFORMANCE TEST PLAN

The Contractor will submit *** days prior to commencement of the 
Performance Test a complete detailed Performance Test Plan (PTP) mutually 
approved by Owner, Test Contractor, Contractor and Owner Equipment 
Contractor’s. The PTP will constitute an agreement for the Performance 
Testing by the Parties to the test. Differences between the Test Procedures 
or methods contained in/or developed in accordance with the PTP and the 
respective Agreements or established industry test codes are by mutual 
agreement of the Parties to the test, as approved in the PTP.

The PTP form and contents shall specifically meet the requirements of ASME 
PTC 46 – 1996, Section 3.2 “Test Plan”, where ASME Code Testing procedures 
are being applied. The actual test methods and corrections for each test 
shall be in accordance with Codes identified in Table L-2.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4.0 	TEST UNCERTAINTY

*** tolerances or uncertainties shall be applied to any Performance Test 
results for the satisfaction of Unit 6 Performance Guarantees, or Steam 
Generator or Steam Turbine Tests.

Pre-Test uncertainties (for ASME Code Tests) will be calculated in 
accordance with applicable ASME Codes, and shall not exceed ASME PTC 
requirements for the applicable Code Test. Post test field verifications 
will be performed on instruments measuring parameters where there is no 
redundancy or for which the data is questionable.
 
5.0 	DEGRADATION

Degradation shall be applied to the Unit 6 *** Tests, in accordance with 
Owner Equipment guarantees. An *** test in accordance with *** 
requirements, shall be performed on the steam turbine by the Test 
Contractor as soon as practical after startup, and prior to the ***. 
Degradation attributed to the *** shall be based on enthalpy drop test 
results in accordance with Steam Turbine Generator guarantees.

Corrections to test results due to *** that are attributable to 
Contractor’s actions shall not be applied. This includes both equipment 
scope and schedule effects.
 
6.0 	PERFORMANCE TESTING – ASME CODE TESTING
 
6.1 	Test Runs and Corrections

Performance Testing involves set-up, testing, measurements and data 
collection, subsequent calculations and corrections. A series of three (3) 
individual Test Runs meeting the Code requirements for duration (no less 
than 2 hours each), shall be performed at the test conditions, which Unit 6 
is subject to at the time of the testing. Test operational and data 
stability requirements set forth in ASME Codes shall be met.

Results of the three (3) Test Runs shall be corrected to Base Performance 
Conditions and averaged for comparison. The Unit 6 Performance Test will be 
compared to the Performance Guarantee values. The Steam Generator and Steam 
Turbine will be corrected to Owner Equipment Contract conditions and 
compared to contract values.

Demonstration of the Steam Generator and Steam Turbine performance will 
require the Test Contractor to perform measurement/correction methodology 
required by the governing ASME PTC.

Contractor shall provide all required ASME PTC 46, PTC 4 and PTC 6 
correction data. At a minimum, raw source data for curves or correction 
curve equations shall be supplied. Curves may be additionally supplied as 
well, but priority of test correction source will be, in order of

------------------------------------------------------------------------
preference; Manufacturer provided source data or curve equations, best fit 
equations of Manufacturer provided data or curves, visual reads of 
Manufacturer provided data or curves, and Contractor supplied data, curves, 
and equations. Contractor shall submit all correction calculations, 
correction data and any thermal models for review and approval 60 days 
prior to commencement of testing.
 
6.2 	Instrument Calibration

Instrument calibration shall meet ASME PTC Code requirements. Test 
Contractor shall submit all instrument calibration data to the Contractor 
and Owner for review prior to the commencement of the Performance Test. 
Flow devices meeting the requirements set forth by ASME Code to measure 
primary parameters and variables need not undergo inspection following the 
performance test if the devices have not experienced conditions that would 
violate their integrity. Such conditions include steam blows and chemical 
cleaning.
 
6.3 	Test Equipment and Instruments

The Contractor will have the responsibility for providing all test 
instrumentation and equipment, whether temporary or permanently installed. 
Instrumentation shall meet the requirements of the applicable ASME PTC 
Code, in order that the calculated pre test uncertainty does not exceed 
ASME Code requirements. Primary condensate flow instrumentation shall be 
supplied and calibrated in accordance with ASME PTC 6 – 2004, and shall 
remain the property of the Owner after the completion of Performance 
Testing.
 
6.4 	Test Interruption

Test runs are not required to be continuous, but shall occur within the 
same 72 hour period, in order to assure that the Unit 6 configuration and 
the test conditions are relatively similar. The Owner may waive this 
requirement.
 
6.5 	Unit 6 Performance Testing

The Unit 6 Performance Test will be in accordance with ASME PTC 46-1996 
“Performance Code on Overall Plant Performance”, except where modified by 
the Contract, or by mutual agreement by the Parties to the Test.

For a coal fired unit, this will require determination of steam generator 
efficiency, in order to calculate primary heat input, in accordance with 
ASME PTC 4 - 1998, Energy Balance method, except as noted in this Exhibit.

The Performance Guarantee applies to the testing of Unit 6. Common loads 
shared with Unit 5 will be proportioned to each Unit.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
6.5.1 	Electrical Terminal Point of Guarantees – Unit 6 Performance Testing

The electrical terminal point of the Unit 6 Performance Guarantee is as 
measured at the high side of the main step up transformers. Transformer 
losses (main step up and aux) due to corrections to Base Performance 
Conditions will be included as part of the post test corrections.

Material Handling auxiliary load terminal point will be considered the 
inlet (delivery point from truck or rail carrier) of the coal, limestone 
and lime unloading hoppers or transport piping. For gypsum and ash, the 
terminal point will be the ash silos and gypsum storage pile.
 
6.5.2 	Unit 6 Performance Test Auxiliary Loads

The Unit 6 Net Output and Heat Rate Guarantee shall include all auxiliary 
loads, including pumps, fans, motors, heaters, air conditioning, lighting, 
material handling and miscellaneous equipment that are required to operate 
the equipment in a normal plant configuration.

The Unit 6 Net Output and Heat Rate Guarantees are based on the electrical 
auxiliary loads for major JPDA equipment as listed in Table L-2.2. The 
Performance Guarantees will be revised to incorporate changes in any of the 
Table L-2.2 values due to final equipment selections.

The auxiliary load methodology for the Unit 6 Performance Test will be 
based on operation of Unit 6 during the Base Performance Condition (summer 
day). As part of the PTP, the Contractor will submit, for approval, a load 
list, indicating the test operating status of all plant electrical 
equipment greater than 2 hp (valve motor operators need not be accounted 
for): The following is the type of operation that is expected:
 
  	• 	  	

All normal interior lighting shall be energized.

 
  	• 	  	

All air conditioning/heating/ventilation required to maintain the plant 
environment on the test day will be operating.

 
  	• 	  	

All equipment required for normal full load operation will be energized.

 
  	• 	  	

Redundant or surge capacity equipment shall be energized.

Material handling, water treatment and other loads of a cycling nature 
shall be characterized prior to the Unit 6 Performance Test. The Contractor 
will submit as part of the PTP, procedures for the determination of these 
cycling loads, for Owner approval. Fuel, Ash, Limestone, Lime, Gypsum, make 
up and waste water handling (except AQCS purge stream treatment) auxiliary 
loads will be determined based on testing done prior to the Unit 6 
Performance Testing. The methodology shall also contain procedures and 
calculations for the proportioning of auxiliary loads to Unit 6 and the 
Unit 5 Scrubber.

Auxiliary loads for major Owner Equipment will be individually measured for 
determining satisfaction of Owner Equipment Contract guarantees.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Preliminary testing and results calculations shall occur prior to 
commencement of Unit 6 Performance Testing (this testing is not required 
for Substantial Completion). Results shall be submitted to the Owner and 
approved prior to Unit 6 Performance Testing.

Testing will determine the kw-hr consumed per unit of material, for 
correction to the plant auxiliary loads measured. Where appropriate, and 
approved by the Owner, operation of cycling loads during the test can be 
substituted. For example, coal reclaim auxiliary load could be determined 
by characterization test or by returning the coal silo to pre test levels 
prior to the end of the test runs.
 
6.5.3 	Unit Configuration

During the Unit 6 Performance Test, Unit 6 will be aligned and operated in 
the normal plant configuration – as approved by the Owner, with regards to 
mechanical and electrical components and systems. All steam and water 
drains and traps will be aligned for safe system operation.

The DCS will be in automatic operation, except where approved by the Owner. 
Setpoints, system limits, alarms and trips will be in normal plant 
configuration and will not be deviated from, for the purpose of the Unit 6 
Performance Test.
 
6.6 	Main Steam Flow Capacity Test

As part of Unit 6 Performance Testing, a *** will be performed to assure 
that Unit 6 can achieve this steam flow operating condition on a continuous 
basis. Although not specifically addressed in ASME PTC 46, the Main Steam 
Flow Capacity will be verified using the ASME PTC 46 governed Unit 6 
Performance Test instrumentation and calibration methods, except where 
approved by the Owner.
 
  	• 	  	

The test duration will be an 8 hour continuous run.

 
  	• 	  	

Fuel and sorbent corrections will not be applied unless outside the range 
of the Agreement specified design range for these materials.

 
  	• 	  	

Condenser exhaust pressure will be controlled as close as possible to ***. 
by operation of the cooling tower fans. Corrections will be made to adjust 
results to ***.

 
  	• 	  	

Equipment will not exceed EPC Agreement (Exhibit A) or Manufacturer 
ratings.

 
  	• 	  	

Spare/redundant equipment shall not be operated, these include, but are not 
limited to:

 
  	• 	  	

Spare hotwell and condensate booster pumps

 
  	• 	  	

Spare pulverizer, unless allowed by Steam Generator guarantee

 
  	• 	  	

Spare closed cooling water pump and heat exchanger

 
  	• 	  	

Spare limestone ball mill

 
  	• 	  	

Spare gypsum dewatering train

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Contractor shall report test results for the *** and the corresponding net 
electrical output (which is not guaranteed for this test). Net electrical 
output shall be corrected to Base Performance Conditions for power factor, 
and wet bulb.
 
6.7 	Steam Generator, Steam Turbine and AQCS Testing

Steam Turbine Test (Full Test) in accordance with ASME PTC 6 – 2004 will be 
required to demonstrate the steam turbine performance. Likewise, the 
performance of the Steam Generator will be demonstrated using ASME PTC 
4—1998. These Tests shall be in accordance with the subject Owner Equipment 
Contracts and the mutually agreed to test procedures. Test procedures shall 
also provide for demonstration of individual auxiliary loads for Steam 
Turbine, Steam Generator and AQCS. See Table L-2 of this Exhibit.
 
6.8 	Test and Data Report

The Contractor shall provide a complete report in accordance with ASME PTC 
46 (PTC 4 and 6 for the Steam Generator and Steam Turbine respectively), 
and will be submitted within the time specified in the Agreement. A 
preliminary report of results shall be submitted within the time specified 
in the Agreement. The report shall be submitted in both electronic and 
paper format. Final report contents shall be defined in the Performance 
Test Plan. This shall include, but not be limited to:
 
  	• 	  	

Calibration data for all instruments used in calculations

 
  	• 	  	

Raw and summary averaged data for each Test Run

 
  	• 	  	

All fuel, ash, sorbent, gypsum and emission sample reports

 
  	• 	  	

Key Plant DCS data during each Test Run, as identified by the Owner prior 
to the Test

 
  	• 	  	

All calculations and corrections, including correction curves and data.

 
  	• 	  	

Final performance correction calculations shall be in Excel and submitted 
as an Excel format file.

 
7.0 	BASE PERFORMANCE CONDITIONS

Unit 6 Performance Guarantees are based on the following reference 
conditions. Test results for the Unit 6 Performance Testing will be 
corrected to these conditions as detailed in the Performance Test Plan:

a. Power Factor (high side of main step up) = ***

b. Fuel – Performance Fuel as identified in EPC Agreement

c. Ambient dry-bulb temperature – ***

d. Ambient wet-bulb temperature – ***

e. Sorbent (limestone and lime) – per EPC Agreement

f. Barometric Pressure – ***

------------------------------------------------------------------------
g. ***
 
8.0 	PERFORMANCE TESTING – NON CODE TESTING
 
8.1 	Major Equipment Verification

The Contractor shall report the performance of major equipment, using data 
collected either during Unit 6 Performance Testing or individual Equipment 
Verification Testing. This testing is not required to be in strict 
accordance with applicable Test Codes referenced in Manufacturer contracts, 
but shall be of sufficient accuracy to give indication of the equipment 
performance. The results shall be corrected to Manufacturer contract 
conditions as part of the Test Report. The Contractor shall supply all raw 
data and calculations as part of the Test Report.

The Owner will use these reports to make a determination concerning the 
need for further detailed Code testing of equipment, outside of the 
Contractor’s scope.

These tests can be run concurrently with the Unit 6 Performance Test, where 
appropriate:
 
  	• 	  	

***

 
  	• 	  	

***

 
  	• 	  	

***

 
  	• 	  	

***

 
  	• 	  	

***

 
  	• 	  	

***

 
  	• 	  	

***

 
  	• 	  	

***

 
  	• 	  	

***

 
8.2 	Plant Baseline Data

The Contractor shall report the overall Unit 6 baseline performance data 
for key operating parameters (to be identified with Owner agreement, in the 
Performance Test Plan) based on a combination of data taken during the Unit 
6 Performance Test, Steam Generator and Steam Turbine Performance Test and 
DCS collected data. The goal is to establish initial Plant Baseline Data 
for comparison for future operation.

The basis of the report shall be uncorrected averaged data from both the 
DCS and temporary performance test instrumentation from one of the Unit 6 
Performance Testing Test Runs selected by the Owner.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
8.3 	Emissions Compliance Test and CEMS Certification

Once Mechanical Completion has occurred and Unit 6 is sufficiently complete 
so that all systems are capable of safe operation in accordance with 
applicable Laws, Good Practices and the Project Manuals, Contractor shall 
test Unit 6 in accordance with the requirements of applicable Government 
Approvals, applicable regulations and Exhibit M to verify compliance with 
the Permitted Emission Limits and to certify the Part 75 CEMS systems (the 
“Emissions Compliance Test”). The Emissions Compliance Test shall be 
undertaken by the Contractor in compliance with all federal, state, local, 
and Contract requirements; including schedule.

The Emissions Compliance Test shall be completed successfully prior to 
initiation of Performance Testing. Stack emissions, including opacity, will 
be measured for Unit 6 during the Performance Test. sulfur dioxide (SO2), 
nitrogen oxide (NOX), and mercury (Hg) will be verified using the Unit 6 
“certifiable” CEMS or by a certified leased CEM system. A certifiable CEMS 
is defined as a CEMS that has been installed, calibrated, tested (40 CFR, 
Part 75 Certification Test) and maintained in accordance with the 
requirements of the air permit and appropriate regulatory requirements. The 
“certifiable” CEMS are not required to have received formal regulatory 
approval. Opacity will be verified using the Unit “certifiable” continuous 
opacity monitoring system (COMS).

The Contractor shall develop a schedule for providing the Owner necessary 
forms, data and reports well in advance of regulatory required Owner 
notifications and submittals. Contractor shall prepare forms, data and 
reports in accordance with Applicable Permits and regulatory requirements.

9.0 AQCS Performance Liquidated Damages

Limestone Consumption—*** exceeding Performance Guarantee.

Lime Consumption— *** exceeding Performance Guarantee

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table L-2
 
Cliffside Unit 6 Field Performance Testing & Equipment Verification Program 
Matrix
Parameter
   	  	   	  	   	  	   	Part of 	   	
Notes
   	
Guarantee
   	
Test Method
Note 1
   	
Steam
Flow/Load
   	
Unit
Test
   	Verification
Test 	  
UNIT PERFORMANCE GUARANTEES
 
***
   	EPC 	   	
PTC 46 – 1996
PTC 4 – 1998
   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	Note 2
***
   	EPC 	   	PTC 46 – 1996 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	
***
   	EPC 	   	PTC 6 – 2004 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	Note 3
STEAM TURBINE, STEAM GENERATOR, AQCS PERFORMANCE
 

 Steam Turbine

   	Manuf. Contract 	   	PTC 6 – 2004 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
  •      ***
   	 	   	 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	Note 4
  •      ***
   	 	   	 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	
  •      ***
   	 	   	 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

 Steam Generator

   	Manuf. Contract (Note 6) 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	

  •      Efficiency

   	 	   	PTC 4 – 1998 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      Steaming Capacity

   	 	   	PTC 4 – 1998 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	Note 5

  •      Auxiliary Load

   	 	   	PTC 4 – 1998 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      SH and RH Outlet Temp

   	 	   	PTC 4 – 1998 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      SH and RH dP

   	 	   	PTC 4 – 1998 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      NOx

   	 	   	See L-2.1 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	Note 5

  •      CO

   	 	   	See L-2.1 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	Note 5

  •      VOC

   	 	   	See L-2.1 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	Note 5

  •      Air Heater Leakage

   	 	   	PTC 4 – 1998 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      Pulverizer Capacity (1 spare)

   	 	   	Unit Test 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      Ammonia Consumption

   	 	   	Unit Test 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	Note 5

 AQCS

   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	

  •      PM10 (Filterable and Condensable)

   	 	   	See L-2.1 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      SO2

   	 	   	See L-2.1 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      H2SO4

   	 	   	See L-2.1 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      Hg

   	 	   	See L-2.1 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      Limestone

   	 	   	Unit Test 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      Lime

   	 	   	Unit Test 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      Auxiliary Load

   	 	   	PTC - 40 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      SO2 Removal

   	 	   	PTC - 40 	   	
***
   	 	   	X 	   	

  •      Gypsum Quality

   	 	   	 	   	
***
   	 	   	X 	   	

  •      Forced Oxidation Rate

   	 	   	 	   	
***
   	 	   	X 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
MAJOR EQUIPMENT VERIFICATION
 

 Cooling Tower

   	Manuf. Contract 	   	 	   	
***
   	 	   	 	   	

  •      WB Approach

   	 	   	Unit Test 	   	 	   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      Aux Load

   	 	   	Unit Test 	   	 	   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      Flow

   	 	   	n/a 	   	 	   	 	   	X 	   	

 Condenser

   	Manuf. Contract 	   	 	   	
***
   	 	   	 	   	

  •      Exhaust Press

   	 	   	Unit Test 	   	 	   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      TTD

   	 	   	Unit Test 	   	 	   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      Tube Side dP

   	 	   	n/a 	   	 	   	 	   	X 	   	

  •      O2 and Non –Condensables

   	 	   	n/a 	   	 	   	 	   	X 	   	

 Feedwater Heater

   	Manuf. Contract 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	

  •      FWH TTD

   	 	   	Unit Test 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      FWH DCA

   	 	   	Unit Test 	   	 	   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      Tubeside dP

   	 	   	Unit Test 	   	 	   	X 	   	 	   	

 FW Pump Turbine

   	Manuf. Contract 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	

  •      Efficiency

   	 	   	Unit Test 	   	
***
   	X 	   	 	   	

 Feedwater, Condensate Booster , Hotwell & Circulating Water Pumps

   	Manuf. Contract 	   	Unit Test 	   	
***
   	 	   	 	   	

  •      Efficiency

   	 	   	 	   	 	   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      Capacity

   	 	   	 	   	 	   	X 	   	 	   	

  •      TDH

   	 	   	 	   	 	   	X 	   	 	   	

 Main Step Up Transformers

   	Manuf. Contract 	   	Unit Test 	   	
***
   	 	   	 	   	

  •      Electrical Loss

   	 	   	 	   	 	   	X 	   	 	   	

 Ash Handling System

   	EPC Contract 	   	Test Plan (to be developed) 	   	
***
   	 	   	X 	   	

  •      Bottom, Fly & Economizer Ash Conveying Rates

   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	

 Water Treatment

   	EPC Contract 	   	Test Plan (to be developed) 	   	
***
   	 	   	X 	   	

  •      System Flow

   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	

  •      Effluent Quality

   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	


NOTES
 
1. 	All ASME Code Tests will require application of additional ASME Test 
Code requirements such as PTC 1 and the PTC 19 Series. Where conflict 
exists, the most recent approved PTC will govern. Plant Performance will be 
based on the ASME 1967 Steam Tables.
 
2. 	ASME PTC 4 – 1998 Energy Balance Method for determination of Steam 
Generator Efficiency used as part of and in accordance with ASME PTC 46.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. 	Unit Steam Flow Capacity Guarantee will be tested utilizing appropriate 
sections and corrections from PTC 6 - 2004.
 
4. 	Steam Generator and Steam Turbine efficiency and capacity testing will 
be Code Tests capable of supporting potential claims of liquidated damages 
against Manufacturers, if applicable.
 
5. 	Steam Generator guarantees associated with MCR will be satisfied by 
steam turbine VWO flow values, if the steam generator cannot reach MCR due 
to turbine flow capacity.
 
6. 	For steam generator guarantees, steam flows are as identified in the 
steam generator contract



TABLE L-2.1
 
Cliffside Unit 6 Field Performance Testing & Equipment Verification Matrix
Steam Generator Supplied
   	
Guarantee
   	
Test Method or Code
NOx 	   	Manufacturer’s contract 	   	Certified CEMS
CO 	   	Manufacturer’s contract 	   	EPA Reference Test Method 10
VOC 	   	Manufacturer’s contract 	   	EPA Reference Test Methods 25 A or 18
AQCS Supplied 	   	 	   	
SO2 	   	Manufacturer’s contract 	   	Certified CEMS
Mercury 	   	Manufacturer’s contract 	   	Certified CEMS
PM10 (Filterable and Condensable) 	   	Manufacturer’s contract 	   	As 
dictated by Manufacturer’s Contract
Sulfuric Acid 	   	Manufacturer’s contract 	   	As dictated by 
Manufacturer’s Contract
Opacity 	   	Manufacturer’s contract 	   	Certified COMS

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table L-2.2: Auxiliary Loads - Basis for Output/Heat Rate Guarantee

 AQCS

   	
***

 Boiler

   	
***

 Condenser Circulating Water Pumps

   	
***

 Cooling Tower

   	
***

 Generator Step-Up Transformer Loss

   	
***

 Condensate Booster Pumps

   	
***

 Air Compressors

   	
***

 Hotwell Pumps

   	
***

 Raw Water Pumps

   	
***

 Closed Cooling Water Pumps

   	
***

 Fly Ash Handling

   	
***

 D Heater Drain Pump

   	
***

 Material Handling

   	
***

 Bottom Ash Handling

   	
***

 F Heater Drain Pump

   	
***

 Feedwater Pump Efficiency

   	
***

 Feedwater Pump Turbine Efficiency

   	
***

 Coal Unloading/Crushing

   	
***

 Sootblowing

   	
***

 Reheater Spray

   	
***

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT L-3


RELIABILITY TESTING

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Contractor shall perform the following tests prior to, Final 
Completion. Contractor shall submit test procedures, measurement points, 
acceptance criteria and operating parameters for Owner approval, *** prior 
to the commencement of testing. Use of permanently installed plant 
instrumentation, in lieu of temporary test instrumentation, where 
appropriate, is acceptable. Failure to satisfy Test Requirements due to 
Owner Furnished Equipment shall not be the Contractor’s responsibility. It 
will be the Contractor’s responsibility to test, document and verify any 
such claimed shortfall.


Emission limits provided in the EPC Agreement shall be satisfied at all 
times during the test.


Contractor shall submit a report of the results of each test required. This 
report will include the test procedure, measurement data and any 
calculations or other data required to support successful completion of 
this test.
 
1.0 	Part Load Test

(four hour test) – Contractor shall demonstrate the Unit will operate in a 
stable and reliable manner within equipment Manufacturers’ specifications.
 
2.0 	Warm and Hot Start Tests

Contractor shall demonstrate that the Unit is able to meet startup and 
synchronization requirements indicated in Table L-3. The values in Table 
L-3 represent proposal level predictions for the Owner Supplied Steam 
Generator, Steam Turbine and AQCS equipment. The Test Plan will state 
actual (but not guaranteed) values. Two warm and two hot start-up tests 
shall be conducted.
 
3.0 	Ramp Loading & Unloading Tests

Contractor shall demonstrate that the Unit is able to meet load ramp rates 
indicated in Table L-3 under automatic control. The values in Table L-3 
represent proposal level predictions for the Owner Supplied Steam 
Generator, Steam Turbine and AQCS equipment. The Test Plan will state 
actual (but not guaranteed) values.
 
4.0 	Load Change Tests

Contractor shall demonstrate that the Unit is able to respond to block load 
increases in accordance with requirements set forth in Table L-3. The 
values in Table L-3 represent proposal level predictions for the Owner 
Supplied Steam Generator, Steam Turbine and AQCS equipment. The Test Plan 
will state actual (but not guaranteed) values.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.0 	Governor Droop Tests

Contractor shall demonstrate using specific droop setting values that the 
turbine control system responds as expected to specific changes in the 
speed (frequency) of the turbine-generator. Governor Droop Tests shall be 
specified by turbine-generator Manufacturer and approved by Owner.
 
6.0 	AVR Performance Tests

Contractor shall demonstrate the ability of automatic voltage regulation 
equipment to maintain stability under varying system frequency and voltage 
conditions within the limits of Manufacturer’s specifications and in 
accordance with Owner’s system standards,(to be provided later).
 
7.0 	Auxiliary Trip Tests

Contractor shall demonstrate the capability of the Unit (with operator 
intervention) to automatically runback load upon the sudden loss of an 
operating auxiliary. Such test shall demonstrate that a Unit is capable of 
maintaining expected available capacity with particular auxiliaries out of 
service. Test shall be conducted with the Unit running at maximum load 
achievable for the configuration prior to the trip. The tests are the 
following:
 
  	• 	  	

trip one induced draft fan

 
  	• 	  	

trip one forced draft fan

 
  	• 	  	

trip one primary air fan

 
  	• 	  	

trip one pulverizer/feeder without initiation of standby

 
  	• 	  	

trip one circulating water pump

 
  	• 	  	

trip one condensate pump

 
  	• 	  	

bypass each closed feedwater heater, one at a time, with Unit at VWO and 
normal pressure

 
8.0 	Minimum Stable Load

Coal (twenty-four hour test firing coal) - This test will identify minimum 
stable load which can be maintained indefinitely without fuel oil support 
using two (2) mills. Minimum load on coal shall be no greater than 30% of 
BMCR for fuels as specified in Steam Generator Performance Guarantees.
 
9.0 	Reliability Demonstration

Reliability Demonstration shall mean the operation of the Unit by Owner 
under the technical oversight of Contractor for a period of *** after the 
Minimum Performance Guarantees with respect to the Unit have been met [but 
prior to Final Completion of such Unit] by which the Contractor 
demonstrates to Owner that the Unit shall be capable of meeting the 
reliability criteria set forth in this Exhibit. Notification requirements 
for this test are the same as Performance Test notification.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The average net electrical output during the Reliability Test shall be 
maintained and measured at the high side of the main step up transformer. 
The time weighted average net electrical output of the Unit generated 
during the Reliability Test period shall be utilized in determining the 
Test Results. Test results will only be corrected to ambient wet and dry 
bulb base reference conditions and power factor. This correction procedure 
may be done using an integrated plant computer model (such as Thermoflow 
Steam Master).

The acceptance criteria shall be an average of *** during the *** period. 
This criteria is based on the electrical auxiliary load for major *** 
equipment as listed in Table L-2.2 of Exhibit L-2. The acceptance criteria 
will be revised to incorporate changes in any of the Table L-2.2 values due 
to final equipment selections. Operation is not limited to the ***. Fuels 
used during the test shall be as specified in the Boiler Performance 
Guarantees.

If the test is aborted or acceptance criteria electrical demand is not 
maintained by the Owner, this period shall be exempted from the test 
results, without extending the required test duration of ***. For example, 
if Owner cannot provide electrical demand for *** of the *** period, then 
*** will be used in the calculation of test results.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Table L-3
 
RELIABILITY TEST TABLE
 
Test
   	
Criteria
Dispatch Ramp Rate 	   	*** (note 1)
STG Sync to Full Load
(Boiler in “Hot” Conditions
   	
   ***
   	

*** (note 1)
   ***
   	

*** (note 1)
Cold Start (***) 	   	*** STG Synchronization (note 1)
Warm Start (***) 	   	*** STG Synchronization (note 1)
Hot Start (***) 	   	*** STG Synchronization (note 1)
Note 1: Predicted value from vendor proposal. Expected (but not guaranteed 
value) to be provided later after final equipment design. 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit M


Exhibit M


Emission Limits

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit M
 
Below is a table showing the guaranteed air emission limits for Units 5.


Unit 5 Emission Limits
 
Pollutant 	   	
Guaranteed Emission Limit (lb/MMBtu)
Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) 	   	
*** with *** SO2/MMBtu inlet loading, down to *** outlet concentration, 
without the addition of organic acid, ***
 
*** removal with *** lb SO2/MMBtu inlet loading, down to *** outlet 
concentration, with the addition of organic acid, ***
Particulates -PM10 (filterable) 	   	*** lb/MMBtu, *** – based on *** 
lb/MMBtu or lower leaving the existing ID fans

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit M
 
Below is a table showing the guaranteed and the expected draft air permit 
emission limits for Unit 6.


Unit 6 Emission Limits
 
Pollutant 	   	
Expected Draft
Permit Emission
Limit1
(lb/MMBtu)
   	
Guaranteed
Emission Limit *
(lb/MMBtu)
   	
Guaranteed Removal * (%)
   	
Reference Test Method
Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) 	   	
***
   	
***
   	
***
   	Reference Test Method 6 or 6C
Nitrogen Oxide
(NOx)
   	
***
   	
***
   	N/A 	   	Reference Test Method 7 or 7E
PM10 (filterable) 	   	
***
   	
***
   	N/A 	   	Reference Test Method 5B
PM10
(filterable & condensable)
   	
***
   	
***
   	N/A 	   	EPA Reference Test Method 5B (front half catch) for filterable 
particulate only and condensables per EPA Method 25A for the VOC portion 
and the Controlled Condensate Method (CCM) for the sulfuric acid 
contribution.
Volatile Organic
Compounds
(VOC’s)
   	
***
   	
***
   	N/A 	   	EPA Reference Method 25A or Method 18
Carbon Monoxide
(CO)
   	
***
   	
***
   	N/A 	   	EPA Reference Method 10
Sulfuric Acid
(H2SO4)
   	
***
   	
***
   	N/A 	   	EPA Reference Method 8 or controlled condensation method as 
described in the EPA publication “Miniature Acid Condensation System: 
Design and Operation”EPA/600/3-84/056 April 1984, (NTIS PB8418288230) or 
ASTM D3226 controlled condensation procedure.. In lieu of controlled 
condensation method, EPA method 039 may be used if demonstrated and proven 
to ALSTOM’s satisfaction prior to the time of testing.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

1

***

* 	As measured by three 4-hour tests and subject to approval from Owner 
Equipment Contracts

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit M
 
Mercury
(Hg) 	   	
***
   	 	   	
***
   	The total mercury content in the coal as fired shall be determined 
using ASTM method D6414-01 or ASTM Method D3684 –01, and the stack mercury 
emissions shall be measured using ASTM D6784-02, EPA 40CFR60 part75, 
Appendix K (Ontario Hydro Method) or mutually agreed Certified Mercury CEMS 
if available. The total mercury content of the coal shall be determined 
from a representative, composite as fired fuel, sample that is collected 
over the mercury stack emission test duration and shall be converted and 
expressed in terms of lb/1012 Btu (HHV) of the composite fuel blend sample 
tested. The mercury stack emissions shall be converted to and expressed in 
terms of EPA F- Factor methodology in accordance with 40CFR 60 Appendix A, 
methods 2,3 and 5 and based on the composite fuel blend analysis.
Opacity 	   	
***
   	 	   	
***
   	EPA Reference Method 9


Other considerations
 
  	• 	  	

***

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit M
 


***

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit M
 
***


***:
 
Effluent Characteristics
   	
Discharge Limitations
   	Monitoring Requirements
   	
Monthly Average
   	Daily Maximum 	   	Measurement
Frequency 	   	Sample Type 	   	Sample Location1

 Flow (MGD)

   	 	   	 	   	Weekly 	   	Calculation or
similar readings
   	T

 Oil and Grease

   	*** 	   	*** 	   	Monthly 	   	Grab 	   	E

 Total Suspended Solids2

   	
***
   	*** 	   	Monthly 	   	Grab 	   	E

 Total Recoverable Copper

   	
***
   	*** 	   	See Note 3 	   	Grab 	   	E

 Total Recoverable Iron

   	
***
   	*** 	   	See Note 3 	   	Grab 	   	E

 Total Recoverable Arsenic

   	 	   	 	   	Monthly 	   	Grab 	   	E

 Total Recoverable Selenium

   	 	   	 	   	Monthly 	   	Grab 	   	E

 Chronic Toxicity4

   	 	   	 	   	Quarterly 	   	Grab 	   	E

 Total Nitrogen (NO2+NO3+TKN)

   	 	   	 	   	Quarterly 	   	Grab 	   	E

 Total Phosphorus

   	 	   	 	   	Quarterly 	   	Grab 	   	E

 pH5

   	 	   	 	   	2/Month 	   	Grab 	   	E

 Total Cadmium6

   	 	   	 	   	Weekly 	   	Grab 	   	E

 Total Chromium6

   	 	   	 	   	Weekly 	   	Grab 	   	E

 Total Mercury6

   	 	   	 	   	Weekly 	   	Grab 	   	E

 Total Nickel6

   	 	   	 	   	Weekly 	   	Grab 	   	E

 Total Silver6

   	 	   	 	   	Weekly 	   	Grab 	   	E

 Total Zinc6

   	 	   	 	   	Weekly 	   	Grab 	   	E


Notes:
 
1. 	***

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit M
 
2. 	***
 
3. 	***
 
4. 	***
 
5. 	***
 
6. 	***


***


***