 EX-10.2 2 f35573exv10w2.htm EXHIBIT 10.2


 

Exhibit 10.2


AMENDED AND RESTATED
AMB 2005
NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


TABLE OF CONTENTS
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	Page 	 
ARTICLE 1. DEFINITIONS 	  	  	1 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	1.1 	  	“ Account Balance” 	  	  	1 	 
   
  	1.2 	  	“ Accounts” 	  	  	2 	 
   
  	1.3 	  	“ Administrator” 	  	  	2 	 
   
  	1.4 	  	“ Annual Bonus” 	  	  	2 	 
   
  	1.5 	  	“ Annual Company Contribution Amount” 	  	  	2 	 
   
  	1.6 	  	“ Annual Company Matching Amount” 	  	  	2 	 
   
  	1.7 	  	“ Annual Deferral Amount” 	  	  	2 	 
   
  	1.8 	  	“ Annual Installment Method” 	  	  	2 	 
   
  	1.9 	  	“ Base Annual Salary” 	  	  	2 	 
   
  	1.10 	  	“ Beneficiary” 	  	  	2 	 
   
  	1.11 	  	“ Beneficiary Designation Form” 	  	  	3 	 
   
  	1.12 	  	“ Board” 	  	  	3 	 
   
  	1.13 	  	“ Change in Control” 	  	  	3 	 
   
  	1.14 	  	“ Change in Control Benefits” 	  	  	3 	 
   
  	1.15 	  	“ Claimant” 	  	  	3 	 
   
  	1.16 	  	“ Code” 	  	  	3 	 
   
  	1.17 	  	“ Committee” 	  	  	4 	 
   
  	1.18 	  	“ Company” 	  	  	4 	 
   
  	1.19 	  	“ Company Contribution Account” 	  	  	4 	 
   
  	1.20 	  	“ Company Matching Account” 	  	  	4 	 
   
  	1.21 	  	“ Deduction Limitation” 	  	  	4 	 
   
  	1.22 	  	“ Deferral Account” 	  	  	4 	 
   
  	1.23 	  	“ Director” 	  	  	4 	 
   
  	1.24 	  	“ Directors Fees” 	  	  	4 	 
   
  	1.25 	  	“ Disability” 	  	  	4 	 
   
  	1.27 	  	“ Disability Benefits” 	  	  	5 	 
   
  	1.28 	  	“ Election Form” 	  	  	5 	 
   
  	1.29 	  	“ Employee” 	  	  	5 	 
   
  	1.30 	  	“ Employer(s)” 	  	  	5 	 
   
  	1.31 	  	“ ERISA” 	  	  	5 	 
   
  	1.32 	  	“ Equity Plan” 	  	  	5 	 
   
  	1.33 	  	“ Exchange Act” 	  	  	5 	 
   
  	1.34 	  	“ Fair Market Value” 	  	  	5 	 
   
  	1.35 	  	“ First Plan Year” 	  	  	5 	 
   
  	1.36 	  	“ Fixed Date Payout” 	  	  	5 	 
   
  	1.37 	  	“ Fixed Date Payout Account Balance” 	  	  	5 	 
   
  	1.38 	  	“ 401(k) Plan” 	  	  	5 	 
   
  	1.39 	  	“ Measurement Fund” 	  	  	5 	 
   
  	1.40 	  	“ Non-Employee Director” 	  	  	6 	 
   
  	1.41 	  	“ Officer” 	  	  	6 	 
   
  	1.42 	  	“ Participant” 	  	  	6 	 
   
  	1.43 	  	“ Partnership” 	  	  	6 	 
   
  	1.44 	  	“ Plan” 	  	  	6 	 
   
  	1.45 	  	“ Plan Year” 	  	  	6 	 
   
  	1.46 	  	“ Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefits” 	  	  	6 	 
   
  	1.47 	  	“ Quarterly Installment Method” 	  	  	6 	 
   
  	1.48 	  	“ Restricted Stock” 	  	  	6 	 
   
  	1.49 	  	“ Restricted Stock Account” 	  	  	6 	 
   
  	1.50 	  	“ Restricted Stock Amount” 	  	  	6 	 

-i-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	1.51 	  	“Retirement,” “Retire(s)” or “Retired” 	  	  	7 	 
   
  	1.52 	  	“Retirement Benefits” 	  	  	7 	 
   
  	1.53 	  	“Rule 16b-3” 	  	  	7 	 
   
  	1.54 	  	“Securities Act” 	  	  	7 	 
   
  	1.55 	  	“Separation from Service” 	  	  	7 	 
   
  	1.56 	  	“Stock” 	  	  	8 	 
   
  	1.57 	  	“Stock Unit” 	  	  	8 	 
   
  	1.58 	  	“Termination Benefits” 	  	  	8 	 
   
  	1.59 	  	“Termination of Employment” 	  	  	8 	 
   
  	1.60 	  	“Trust” 	  	  	8 	 
   
  	1.61 	  	“Unforeseeable Financial Emergency” 	  	  	8 	 
   
  	1.62 	  	“Vesting Date” 	  	  	9 	 
   
  	1.63 	  	“Years of Service” 	  	  	9 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE 2. SELECTION, ENROLLMENT, ELIGIBILITY 	  	  	9 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	2.1 	  	Selection by Administrator 	  	  	9 	 
   
  	2.2 	  	Enrollment Requirements 	  	  	9 	 
   
  	2.3 	  	Eligibility Requirements; Commencement of Participation 	  	  	
9 	 
   
  	2.4 	  	Termination of Participation and/or Deferrals 	  	  	9 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE 3. DEFERRAL COMMITMENTS/COMPANY CONTRIBUTIONS/CREDITING/TAXES 	  	  	
10 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	3.1 	  	Election to Defer; Effect of Election Form 	  	  	10 	 
   
  	3.2 	  	Redeferral 	  	  	10 	 
   
  	3.3 	  	Special Elections During Transition Period 	  	  	11 	 
   
  	3.4 	  	Annual Minimum 	  	  	12 	 
   
  	3.5 	  	Maximum Deferral 	  	  	12 	 
   
  	3.6 	  	Accounts; Crediting of Deferrals 	  	  	12 	 
   
  	3.7 	  	Vesting 	  	  	13 	 
   
  	3.8 	  	Earnings Credits or Losses 	  	  	13 	 
   
  	3.9 	  	Distributions 	  	  	15 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE 4. FIXED DATE PAYOUTS 	  	  	15 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	4.1 	  	Fixed Date Payout 	  	  	15 	 
   
  	4.2 	  	Other Benefits Take Precedence Over Fixed Date 	  	  	15 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE 5. DISTRIBUTIONS 	  	  	15 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	5.1 	  	Retirement Benefit 	  	  	15 	 
   
  	5.2 	  	Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefit 	  	  	16 	 
   
  	5.3 	  	Termination Benefit 	  	  	16 	 
   
  	5.4 	  	Change in Control Benefit 	  	  	16 	 
   
  	5.5 	  	Disability Benefit 	  	  	16 	 
   
  	5.6 	  	Stock Distributions 	  	  	17 	 
   
  	5.7 	  	Delayed Distributions for Employee Participants 	  	  	17 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE 6. UNFORESEEABLE FINANCIAL EMERGENCIES 	  	  	17 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	6.1 	  	Withdrawal Payout/Suspensions for Unforeseeable Financial 
Emergencies 	  	  	17 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE 7. BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION 	  	  	17 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	7.1 	  	Beneficiary 	  	  	17 	 
   
  	7.2 	  	Beneficiary Designation; Change; Spousal Consent 	  	  	17 	 
   
  	7.3 	  	Acknowledgment 	  	  	18 	 
   
  	7.4 	  	No Beneficiary Designation 	  	  	18 	 
   
  	7.5 	  	Doubt as to Beneficiary 	  	  	18 	 

-ii-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	7.6 	  	Discharge of Obligations 	  	  	18 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE 8. LEAVE OF ABSENCE 	  	  	18 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	8.1 	  	Paid Leave of Absence 	  	  	18 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE 9. TERMINATION, AMENDMENT OR MODIFICATION 	  	  	18 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	9.1 	  	Termination With Respect to Account Balances 	  	  	18 	 
   
  	9.2 	  	Amendment 	  	  	18 	 
   
  	9.3 	  	Effect of Payment 	  	  	19 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE 10. ADMINISTRATION 	  	  	19 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	10.1 	  	Administrator Duties 	  	  	19 	 
   
  	10.2 	  	Binding Effect of Decisions 	  	  	19 	 
   
  	10.3 	  	Committee 	  	  	19 	 
   
  	10.4 	  	Indemnification 	  	  	20 	 
   
  	10.5 	  	Employer Information 	  	  	20 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE 11. CLAIMS PROCEDURES 	  	  	20 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	11.1 	  	Presentation of Claim 	  	  	20 	 
   
  	11.2 	  	Notification of Decision 	  	  	20 	 
   
  	11.3 	  	Review of a Denied Claim 	  	  	21 	 
   
  	11.4 	  	Decision on Review 	  	  	21 	 
   
  	11.5 	  	Designation 	  	  	21 	 
   
  	11.6 	  	Arbitration 	  	  	21 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE 12. TRUST 	  	  	21 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	12.1 	  	Establishment of the Trust 	  	  	22 	 
   
  	12.2 	  	Interrelationship of the Plan and the Trust 	  	  	22 	 
   
  	12.3 	  	Investment of Trust Assets 	  	  	22 	 
   
  	12.4 	  	Distributions From the Trust 	  	  	22 	 
   
  	12.5 	  	Limitations on Stock Distributed from the Trust 	  	  	22 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE 13. PROVISIONS RELATING TO SECURITIES LAWS 	  	  	22 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	13.1 	  	Designation of Participants 	  	  	22 	 
   
  	13.2 	  	Action by Committee 	  	  	22 	 
   
  	13.3 	  	Compliance with Section 16 	  	  	22 	 
   
  	13.4 	  	Committee Approval 	  	  	23 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE 14. CERTAIN CORPORATE EVENTS 	  	  	23 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
ARTICLE 15. MISCELLANEOUS 	  	  	23 	 
   
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	15.1 	  	Status of Plan 	  	  	23 	 
   
  	15.2 	  	Unsecured General Creditor 	  	  	24 	 
   
  	15.3 	  	Employer’s Liability 	  	  	24 	 
   
  	15.4 	  	Nonassignability 	  	  	24 	 
   
  	15.5 	  	Sources of Stock 	  	  	24 	 
   
  	15.6 	  	Tax Withholding 	  	  	24 	 
   
  	15.7 	  	Coordination with Other Benefits 	  	  	25 	 
   
  	15.8 	  	Compliance 	  	  	25 	 
   
  	15.9 	  	Not a Contract of Employment 	  	  	25 	 
   
  	15.10 	  	Furnishing Information 	  	  	25 	 
   
  	15.11 	  	Governing Law 	  	  	25 	 
   
  	15.12 	  	Notice 	  	  	25 	 
   
  	15.13 	  	Successors 	  	  	26 	 
   
  	15.14 	  	Spouse’s Interest 	  	  	26 	 

-iii-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
  	15.15 	  	Validity 	  	  	26 	 
   
  	15.16 	  	Incompetent 	  	  	26 	 
   
  	15.17 	  	Court Order 	  	  	26 	 
   
  	15.18 	  	Accelerated Distributions, Trust Distributions and Plan 
Interpretation 	  	  	26 	 
   
  	15.19 	  	Insurance 	  	  	27 	 
   
  	15.20 	  	Status of Company as a REIT 	  	  	27 	 

-iv-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


AMENDED AND RESTATED

AMB 2005


NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

Purpose

     AMB Property Corporation, a Maryland corporation (the “Company”) 
established the AMB Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan effective 
September 1, 1999, as amended and restated September 1, 2002 (the 
“Grandfathered Plan”) under which all deferred amounts were vested on or 
before December 31, 2004 and not subject to Section 409A of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). In order to preserve the 
exemption from Section 409A of the Code for the Grandfathered Plan, the 
vested amounts deferred thereunder and the earnings on such vested amounts 
so deferred, deferrals for amounts vested on or after January 1, 2005 shall 
no longer be allowed under the Grandfathered Plan.

     The Company previously adopted the AMB 2005 Nonqualified Deferred 
Compensation Plan for the benefit of a select group of management and 
highly compensated Employees and Directors who contribute materially to the 
continued growth, development and future business success of AMB Property, 
L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the “Partnership”), and the Company 
and its subsidiaries, if any, that sponsor the plan. This plan was intended 
to comply with the provisions of and the Department of Treasury proposed 
and final rules, regulations and other guidance promulgated under Section 
409A of the Code and not result in a penalty tax thereunder. In April 2007, 
the Department of Treasury issued final regulations pursuant to Section 
409A of the Code. To conform with the final regulations, the Company hereby 
amends and restates the AMB 2005 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan 
(as amended and restated, the “Plan”). Any deferred amounts under the 
Grandfathered Plan which were not earned and vested as of December 31, 2004 
shall automatically transfer to this Plan. This Plan shall be unfunded for 
tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of ERISA.

     This Plan shall consist of two plans, one for the benefit of a select 
group of management and highly compensated employees of the Employers as 
described in Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA, and one for 
the benefit of Non-Employee members of the boards of directors of any 
Employer. To the extent required by law, the terms of this Plan applicable 
to Directors shall also constitute a separate written plan document with 
its terms set forth in the applicable portions of this Plan.


ARTICLE 1.
DEFINITIONS

     As used within this document, the following words and phrases have the 
meanings described in this Article 1 unless a different meaning is required 
by the context. Some of the words and phrases used in the Plan are not 
defined in this Article 1, but for convenience, are defined as they are 
introduced into the text. Words in the masculine gender shall be deemed to 
include the feminine gender. Any headings used are included for ease of 
reference only and are not to be construed so as to alter any of the terms 
of the Plan.

     1.1 “Account Balance” shall mean, with respect to a Participant, a 
credit on the records of the Employer equal to the sum of (i) the Deferral 
Account balance, (ii) the vested Company Contribution Account balance, 
(iii) the vested Company Matching Account balance, and (iv) the Restricted 
Stock Account balance. The Account Balance, and each other specified 
account balance, shall be a bookkeeping entry only and shall be utilized 
solely as a device for the measurement and determination of the amounts to 
be paid to a Participant, or his or her designated Beneficiary, pursuant to 
this Plan.

-1-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     1.2 “Accounts” of a Participant shall mean, as the context indicates, 
either or all of his or her Deferral Account, Company Contribution Account, 
Company Matching Account and Restricted Stock Account.

     1.3 “Administrator” shall mean the Committee appointed pursuant to 
Article 10 to administer the Plan, or such other person or persons to whom 
the Committee has delegated its duties pursuant to Article 10.

     1.4 “Annual Bonus” shall mean any compensation, in addition to Base 
Annual Salary relating to services performed during any calendar year, 
whether or not paid in such calendar year or included on the Federal Income 
Tax Form W-2 for such calendar year, payable to a Participant as an 
Employee under any Employer’s annual bonus and cash incentive plans, 
excluding stock options and restricted stock.

     1.5 “Annual Company Contribution Amount” shall mean, for any one Plan 
Year, the amount determined in accordance with Section 3.6(b).

     1.6 “Annual Company Matching Amount” for any one Plan Year shall be 
the amount determined in accordance with Section 3.6(c).

     1.7 “Annual Deferral Amount” shall mean that portion of a 
Participant’s Base Annual Salary, Annual Bonus and Directors Fees that a 
Participant elects to have, and is deferred, in accordance with Article 3, 
for any one Plan Year. In the event of a Participant’s Retirement, 
Disability, death or a Termination of Employment prior to the end of a Plan 
Year, such year’s Annual Deferral Amount shall be the actual amount 
withheld prior to such event.

     1.8 “Annual Installment Method” shall be an annual installment payment 
over the number of years selected by the Participant in accordance with 
this Plan, calculated as follows: The Account Balance of the Participant 
(or the Fixed Date Payout Account Balance, in the event of a Fixed Date 
Payout) shall be calculated as of the close of business three business days 
prior to the last business day of the fourth quarter preceding the 
distribution. The annual installment shall be calculated by multiplying 
this balance by a fraction, the numerator of which is one, and the 
denominator of which is the remaining number of yearly payments due the 
Participant. By way of example, if the Participant elects a ten year Annual 
Installment Method, the first payment shall be 1/10 of the Account Balance 
(or the Fixed Date Payout Account Balance, in the event of a Fixed Date 
Payout), calculated as described in this definition. The following year, 
the payment shall be 1/9 of the Account Balance (or the Fixed Date Payout 
Account Balance, in the event of a Fixed Date Payout), calculated as 
described in this definition.

     1.9 “Base Annual Salary” shall mean the annual cash compensation 
relating to services performed during any calendar year, whether or not 
paid in such calendar year or included on the Federal Income Tax Form W-2 
for such calendar year, excluding bonuses, commissions, overtime, fringe 
benefits, stock options, relocation expenses, incentive payments, 
non-monetary awards, directors fees and other fees, automobile and other 
allowances paid to a Participant for employment services rendered (whether 
or not such allowances are included in the Employee’s gross income). Base 
Annual Salary shall be calculated before reduction for compensation 
voluntarily deferred or contributed by the Participant pursuant to all 
qualified or non-qualified plans of any Employer and shall be calculated to 
include amounts not otherwise included in the Participant’s gross income 
under Code Sections 125, 132(f), 402(e)(3), 402(h), or 403(b) pursuant to 
plans established by any Employer; provided, however, that all such amounts 
will be included in compensation only to the extent that, had there been no 
such plan, the amount would have been payable in cash to the Employee.

     1.10 “Beneficiary” shall mean one or more persons, trusts, estates or 
other entities, designated in accordance with Article 7, that are entitled 
to receive benefits under this Plan upon the death of a Participant.

-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     1.11 “Beneficiary Designation Form” shall mean the form established 
from time to time by the Administrator that a Participant completes, signs 
and returns to the Administrator to designate one or more Beneficiaries.

     1.12 “Board” shall mean the board of directors of the Company.

     1.13 “Change in Control” shall mean any of the following events:

     (a) the complete liquidation of the Company or the sale or disposition 
by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets, or the 
disposition by the Company of more than fifty percent (50%) of its interest 
in the Partnership;

     (b) any Person (as defined below) is or becomes the Beneficial Owner 
(as defined below), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company 
representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of 
the Company’s then outstanding securities. For purposes of this definition, 
(i) the term “Person” is used as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 
14(d) of the Exchange Act; provided, however, that the term shall not 
include the Company, any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities 
under an employee benefit plan of the Company, and any corporation owned, 
directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the Company, in 
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the 
Company, and (ii) the term “Beneficial Owner” shall have the meaning given 
to such term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act;

     (c) during any period of twelve (12) consecutive months, individuals 
who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new 
director (other than a director designated by a person who has entered into 
an agreement with the Company to effect a transaction described in clauses 
(a), (b) or (d)) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by 
the Company’s shareholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds 
(2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors at 
the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election 
was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute at least a 
majority thereof; or

     (d) the consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with 
any other corporation (or other entity); provided, that, a Change in 
Control shall not be deemed to occur (i) as the result of a merger or 
consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company 
outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by 
remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the 
surviving entity) more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting 
power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity 
outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation or (ii) where 
more than fifty percent (50%) of the directors of the Company or the 
surviving entity after such merger or consolidation were directors of the 
Company immediately before such merger or consolidation.

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall be limited to 
such transactions as constitute a change in the ownership or effective 
control of the Company or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the 
assets of the Company within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the 
Code and the proposed and final Department of Treasury rules, regulations 
and other guidance promulgated thereunder,

     1.14 “Change in Control Benefits” shall mean the benefits set forth in 
Section 5.4.

     1.15 “Claimant” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.1.

     1.16 “Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as it may be 
amended from time to time.

-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     1.17 “Committee” shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board or 
another committee or subcommittee of the Board appointed to administer the 
Plan pursuant to Article 10.

     1.18 “Company” shall mean AMB Property Corporation, a Maryland 
corporation, and any successor to all or substantially all of the Company’s 
assets or business.

     1.19 “Company Contribution Account” shall mean (i) the sum of all of a 
Participant’s Annual Company Contribution Amounts, plus (ii) amounts 
credited in accordance with all the applicable crediting provisions of this 
Plan that relate to the Participant’s Company Contribution Account, less 
(iii) all distributions made to the Participant or his or her Beneficiary 
pursuant to this Plan that relate to the Participant’s Company Contribution 
Account.

     1.20 “Company Matching Account” shall mean (i) the sum of all of a 
Participant’s Annual Company Matching Amounts, plus (ii) amounts credited 
in accordance with all the applicable crediting provisions of this Plan 
that relate to the Participant’s Company Matching Account, less (iii) all 
distributions made to the Participant or his or her Beneficiary pursuant to 
this Plan that relate to the Participant’s Company Matching Account.

     1.21 “Deduction Limitation” shall mean the following described 
limitation on a benefit that may otherwise be distributable pursuant to the 
provisions of this Plan. Except as otherwise provided, this limitation 
shall be applied to all distributions that are “subject to the Deduction 
Limitation” under this Plan. If an Employer determines in good faith prior 
to a Change in Control that there is a reasonable likelihood that any 
compensation paid to a Participant for a taxable year of the Employer would 
not be deductible by the Employer solely by reason of the limitation under 
Code Section 162(m), then to the extent deemed necessary by the Employer to 
ensure that the entire amount of any distribution to the Participant 
pursuant to this Plan prior to the Change in Control is deductible, the 
Employer may defer all or any portion of a distribution under this Plan. 
Any amounts deferred pursuant to this limitation shall continue to be 
credited/debited with additional amounts in accordance with Section 3.8 
below, even if such amount is being paid out in installments. The amounts 
so deferred and amounts credited thereon shall be distributed to the 
Participant or his or her Beneficiary (in the event of the Participant’s 
death) at the earliest possible date, as determined by the Employer in good 
faith, on which the deductibility of compensation paid or payable to the 
Participant for the taxable year of the Employer during which the 
distribution is made will not be limited by Section 162(m). Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this Plan, the Deduction Limitation shall not 
apply to any distributions made after a Change in Control.

     1.22 “Deferral Account” shall mean (i) the sum of all of a 
Participant’s Annual Deferral Amounts, plus (ii) amounts credited in 
accordance with all the applicable crediting provisions of this Plan that 
relate to the Participant’s Deferral Account, less (iii) all distributions 
made to the Participant or his or her Beneficiary pursuant to this Plan 
that relate to his or her Deferral Account.

     1.23 “Director” shall mean any member of the board of directors of the 
Company.

     1.24 “Directors Fees” shall mean the annual fees paid by the Company, 
including retainer fees and meetings fees, as compensation for serving on 
the board of directors.

     1.25 “Disability” shall mean that a Participant (a) is unable to 
engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically 
determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result 
in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less 
than twelve (12) months, or (b) is, by reason of any medically 
undeterminable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result 
in death or can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last 
for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving 
income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months 
under an accident or health plan covering employees of such Participant’s 
Employer, or (c) is determined to be totally disabled by the Social 
Security Administration. The existence

-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

of a Disability under clause (a) and (b) shall be determined by the 
Administrator on the advice of a physician chosen by the Administrator.

     1.27 “Disability Benefits” shall mean the benefits set forth in 
Section 5.5.

     1.28 “Election Form” shall mean the form established from time to time 
by the Administrator that a Participant completes, signs and returns to the 
Administrator to make an election under the Plan.

     1.29 “Employee” shall mean a person who is an officer and employee of 
any Employer.

     1.30 “Employer(s)” shall initially mean AMB Property, L.P., but shall 
also include the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries (now in existence 
or hereafter formed or acquired) that have been selected by the Board to 
participate in the Plan and have adopted the Plan as a sponsor.

     1.31 “ERISA” shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as it may be amended from time to time.

     1.32 “Equity Plan” shall mean any stock option or other incentive 
compensation plan which is maintained by the Company or AMB Property, L. P. 
and which provides for grants of restricted stock.

     1.33 “Exchange Act” shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended.

     1.34 “Fair Market Value” of a share of Stock as of a given date shall 
be (a) the closing price of a share of Stock on the principal exchange on 
which shares of Stock are then trading, if any (or as reported on any 
composite index which includes such principal exchange), on such date, or 
if shares were not traded on such date, then on the next following date on 
which a trade occurred, or (b) if Stock is not traded on an exchange but is 
quoted on NASDAQ or a successor quotation system, the mean between the 
closing representative bid and asked prices for the Stock on such date as 
reported by NASDAQ or such successor quotation system; or (c) if Stock is 
not publicly traded on an exchange and not quoted on NASDAQ or a successor 
quotation system, the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock as established 
by the Administrator acting in good faith. In determining the Fair Market 
Value of the Stock, the Administrator may rely on the closing price as 
reported in the New York Stock Exchange composite transactions published in 
the Western Edition of the Wall Street Journal.

     1.35 “First Plan Year” shall mean the period beginning January 1, 2005 
and ending December 31, 2005.

     1.36 “Fixed Date Payout” shall mean the payout set forth in Section 
4.1.

     1.37 “Fixed Date Payout Account Balance” shall mean, with respect to a 
Participant, a credit on the records of the Employer equal to the sum of 
(i) the amount deferred by the Participant pursuant to an Election Form and 
with respect to which a Fixed Date Payout was elected, plus (ii) amounts 
credited or debited in the manner provided in Section 3.8 on such amount. 
The Fixed Date Payout Account Balance shall be a bookkeeping entry only and 
shall be utilized solely as a device for the measurement and determination 
of the amounts to be paid to a Participant, or his or her designated 
Beneficiary, pursuant to this Plan.

     1.38 “401(k) Plan” shall mean that certain AMB Property, L.P. Savings 
and Retirement Plan, effective October 1, 1983, initially adopted by the 
Company’s predecessor-in-interest and as subsequently amended.

     1.39 “Measurement Fund” shall mean the investment fund or funds 
selected by the Administrator from time to time.

-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     1.40 “Non-Employee Director” shall mean a Director who is not an 
Employee of any Employer.

     1.41 “Officer” shall mean a person who is an officer of the Company 
and an employee of the Partnership or a U.S. affiliate of the Partnership, 
as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion.

     1.42 “Participant” shall mean (i) an Officer or Director who is 
subject to United States income tax or (ii) any Employee designated to 
participate in the Plan by the Administrator and who is subject to United 
States income tax who (A) elects to participate in the Plan, (B) signs an 
Election Form and a Beneficiary Designation Form, (C) whose signed Election 
Form and Beneficiary Designation Form are accepted by the Administrator, 
and (D) who commences participation in the Plan. A spouse or former spouse 
of a Participant shall not be treated as a Participant in the Plan or have 
an account balance under the Plan, even if he or she has an interest in the 
Participant’s benefits under the Plan as a result of applicable law or 
property settlements resulting from legal separation or divorce.

     1.43 “Partnership” shall mean AMB Property, L.P., a Delaware limited 
partnership, and any successor to all or substantially all of the 
Partnership’s assets or business.

     1.44 “Plan” shall mean the AMB 2005 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
Plan, which shall be evidenced by this instrument, as amended from time to 
time.

     1.45 “Plan Year” shall mean a period beginning on January 1 of each 
calendar year and continuing through December 31 of such calendar year.

     1.46 “Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefits” shall mean the benefits set 
forth in Sections 5.2.

     1.47 “Quarterly Installment Method” shall be a quarterly installment 
payment over the number of quarters selected by the Participant in 
accordance with this Plan, calculated as follows: The Account Balance of 
the Participant (or the Fixed Date Payout Account Balance, in the event of 
a Fixed Date Payout) shall be calculated as of the close of business three 
business days prior to the last business day of the quarter preceding the 
distribution. The quarterly installment shall be calculated by multiplying 
this balance by a fraction, the numerator of which is one, and the 
denominator of which is the remaining number of quarterly payments due the 
Participant. By way of example, if the Participant elects a twenty (20) 
quarter Quarterly Installment Method, the first payment shall be 1/20 of 
the Account Balance (or the Fixed Date Payout Account Balance, in the event 
of a Fixed Date Payout), calculated as described in this definition. The 
following quarter, the payment shall be 1/19 of the Account Balance (or the 
Fixed Date Payout Account Balance, in the event of a Fixed Date Payout), 
calculated as described in this definition.

     1.48 “Restricted Stock” shall mean shares of restricted Stock which 
are or have been awarded to a Participant under an Equity Plan; provided, 
however, that Restricted Stock shall not include any restricted Stock 
granted to a newly-hired Participant after December 15, 2005 in connection 
with such Participant’s acceptance or commencement of employment with an 
Employer.

     1.49 “Restricted Stock Account” shall mean (i) the sum of the 
Participant’s Restricted Stock Amounts, plus (ii) amounts credited/debited 
in accordance with all the applicable crediting/debiting provisions of this 
Plan that relate to the Participant’s Restricted Stock Account, less (iii) 
all distributions made to the Participant or his or her Beneficiary 
pursuant to this Plan that relate to the Participant’s Restricted Stock 
Account. The Restricted Stock Account balance shall be denominated in Stock 
Units.

     1.50 “Restricted Stock Amount” shall mean, for any grant of Restricted 
Stock, the amount of such Restricted Stock deferred in accordance with 
Section 3.1(b) of this Plan, calculated using the Fair Market Value of a 
share of Stock on the day on which such Restricted Stock would otherwise 
vest, but for the election to defer.

-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     1.51 “Retirement,” “Retire(s)” or “Retired” shall mean a Termination 
of Employment from the Company and all Employers for any reason on or after 
the earlier of the attainment of (a) age sixty-five (65) or (b) a combined 
age and Years of Service equaling at least fifty-five (55) with a minimum 
of ten (10) Years of Service.

     1.52 “Retirement Benefits” shall mean the benefits set forth in 
Section 5.1.

     1.53 “Rule 16b-3” shall mean that certain Rule 16b-3 under the 
Exchange Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time.

     1.54 “Securities Act” shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended.

     1.55 “Separation from Service” shall mean, a Participant’s separation 
from service with the Company, Partnership and any Employer as a result of 
the Participant’s death, Disability, Retirement or other event of 
termination in which the facts and circumstances indicate that the Employer 
and Participant reasonably anticipated either that no further services 
would be performed after a certain date or that the level of bona fide 
services the Participant would perform after such date would permanently 
decrease to no more than twenty percent (20%) of the average level of bona 
fide services performed over the immediately preceding 36-month period (or 
the full period in which the Participant provided services to the Employer 
if the Participant has been providing services for less than 36 months), as 
determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion.

     (a) Facts and circumstances which may be considered in determining 
whether a Separation of Service occurred, include, without limitation, 
whether the Participant continues to be treated as an employee for other 
purposes (such as continuation of salary and participation in employee 
benefit programs), whether similarly situated service providers have been 
treated consistently, and whether the Participant is eligible to perform 
services for, and realistically available to perform services for, other 
employers in the same line of business.

     (b) In addition, a Separation from Service shall be presumed to occur 
in the following instances:

  	(i) 	  	if a Participant’s period of leave exceeds six (6) months and 
the Participant’s right to reemployment or service is not provided either 
by statute or contract, then the Participant is deemed to have experienced 
a Separation from Service on the first day immediately following such 
six-month period;
 
  	(ii) 	  	if a Participant continues to provide services to an Employer, 
the facts and circumstances indicate that the Employer did not intend the 
Participant to provide more than insignificant services to the Employer; or
 
  	(iii) 	  	the Participant ceases to provide services as an Officer or 
Employee at an annual rate that is at least equal to twenty percent (20%) 
of the services rendered, on average, during the immediately preceding 
three full calendar years of employment (or, if employed less than three 
years, such lesser period).

     (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Separation from Service shall be 
presumed not to occur in the following instances:

-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	(i) 	  	the mere change in capacity in which the Participant renders 
service to the Company, the Partnership or any other Employer from an 
Officer or Employee to Director or vice-versa;
 
  	(ii) 	  	the employment relationship is treated as continuing intact 
while the Participant is on military leave, sick leave or other bona fide 
leave of absence (such as temporary employment by the government) if the 
period of such leave does not exceed six (6) months, or if longer, so long 
as the individual’s right to reemployment or service with the Company or an 
Employer is provided by either statute or contract; provided that with 
respect to a disability leave, the employment relationship will be treated 
as continuing for a period of up to 29 months, unless terminated earlier by 
the Participant or Employer, regardless of whether the Participant retains 
a contractual right to reemployment;
 
  	(iii) 	  	where an Officer or Employee continues to provide services to 
a prior Employer in a capacity other than as an employee and such Officer 
or Employee is providing services at an annual rate that is fifty percent 
(50%) or more of the services rendered, on average, during the immediately 
preceding three full calendar years of employment (or if employed less than 
three years, such lesser period).

     In determining whether a separation of service has occurred, periods 
during which the Participant is on an unpaid bona fide leave of absence are 
disregarded (including for purposes of determining the relevant 36-month 
period), and periods during which the Participant is on a paid bona fide 
leave of absence are treated as periods during which the Participant 
provided services at the level at which the Participant would have been 
required to perform services to receive the compensation if not on a bona 
fide leave of absence. A leave of absence constitutes a bona fide leave of 
absence only if there is a reasonable expectation that the Participant will 
return to perform services for the Company or Employer.

     “Disability leave” means leave due to the Participant’s inability to 
perform the duties of his or her position or any substantially similar 
position by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental 
impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to 
last for a continuous period of not less than six months.

     1.56 “Stock” shall mean AMB Property Corporation common stock, $.01 
par value.

     1.57 “Stock Unit” shall mean a notational unit representing the right 
to receive a share of Stock.

     1.58 “Termination Benefits” shall mean the benefit set forth in 
Section 5.3.

     1.59 “Termination of Employment” shall mean the severing of employment 
with all Employers, or service as a Director of the Company, voluntarily or 
involuntarily, for any reason other than Disability, death or an authorized 
leave of absence, which constitutes a Separation from Service with respect 
to the Company and Employer, as determined by the Administrator in its sole 
discretion.

     1.60 “Trust” shall mean one or more trusts established pursuant to 
that certain Trust Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2002, between the Company 
and the trustee named therein, as amended from time to time.

     1.61 “Unforeseeable Financial Emergency” shall mean an unanticipated 
emergency that is caused by an event beyond the control of the Participant 
that would result in severe financial hardship to the Participant not 
covered by insurance, liquidation of other assets (to the extent the 
liquidation itself will

-8-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

not cause severe financial hardship, or cessation of deferrals under this 
Plan, resulting from (i) a sudden and unexpected illness or accident of the 
Participant or a dependent (as defined in Section 152(a) of the Code) of 
the Participant, (ii) a loss of the Participant’s property due to casualty, 
or (iii) such other extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising 
as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant, all as 
determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator and which 
constitutes an “unforeseeable emergency” within the meaning of Section 
409A(a)(2)(B)(ii) of the Code. For the avoidance of doubt, an Unforeseeable 
Financial Emergency shall not include, among other things, sending a child 
to college or purchasing a home.

     1.62 “Vesting Date” shall mean, with respect to Restricted Stock 
deferred hereunder, the date on which the last share or tranche of a 
Restricted Stock award would vest under the terms of the Equity Plan 
pursuant to which it was issued and the Participant’s Restricted Stock 
Agreement but for the election to defer such Restricted Stock (i.e., when a 
Restricted Stock award fully vests).

     1.63 “Years of Service” shall mean each twelve (12) month period 
during which a Participant is employed by an Employer, including, without 
limitation, service as a Director, whether or not continuous, and including 
periods commencing prior to the effective date of this Plan; provided, 
however, that in the case of a Participant whose employment with an 
Employer or service as a Director has been interrupted by a period of 
twelve (12) consecutive months or more (a “Break in Service”), his or her 
Years of Service prior to such Break in Service shall be disregarded for 
any purpose under the Plan.


ARTICLE 2.
SELECTION, ENROLLMENT, ELIGIBILITY

     2.1 Selection by Administrator. Participation in the Plan shall be 
limited to a select group of management and highly compensated Employees 
and Non-Employee Directors, as determined by the Administrator in its sole 
discretion. Officers and Non-Employee Directors shall be automatically 
eligible to participate in the Plan. Subject to the requirements of Article 
13, from the group described in the first sentence of this Section 2.1, the 
Administrator shall select, in its sole discretion, additional Employees to 
participate in the Plan.

     2.2 Enrollment Requirements. As a condition to participation, each 
Officer, selected Employee or Non-Employee Director shall complete, execute 
and return to the Administrator an Election Form and a Beneficiary 
Designation Form. In addition, the Administrator shall establish from time 
to time such other enrollment requirements as it determines in its sole 
discretion are necessary.

     2.3 Eligibility Requirements; Commencement of Participation.

     (a) Eligibility; Commencement of Participation. Provided an Officer, 
Non-Employee Director or Employee selected to participate in the Plan has 
met all enrollment requirements set forth in this Plan and required by the 
Administrator, including returning all required documents to the 
Administrator within the specified time period, that Employee, Officer or 
Non-Employee Director shall commence participation in the Plan on the day 
on which his or her Election Form first becomes effective or the date on 
which a contribution is first credited to his or her Company Contribution 
Account or Company Matching Account.

     (b) U.S. Payroll Requirement.  Compensation eligible to be deferred 
under the Plan will only be deferred under a Participant’s deferral 
election to the extent a Participant elects to defer compensation paid from 
the U.S. payroll of the Company, the Partnership or its subsidiaries and is 
not covered under a non-U.S. retirement plan.

     2.4 Termination of Participation and/or Deferrals. If the 
Administrator determines in good faith that a Participant no longer 
qualifies as a member of a select group of management or highly compensated 
employees, as membership in such group is determined in accordance with 
Sections 201(2),

-9-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of ERISA, or as a Non-Employee Director, the 
Administrator shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to (a) prevent 
the Participant from making future deferral elections and/or (b) terminate 
the Participant’s participation in the Plan.

     2.5 Pre-Existing Elections. All Participant elections in effect as of 
the effective date of the Plan shall remain in full force and effect until 
distribution of the amounts deferred thereunder unless changed or cancelled 
in accordance with Section 3.3 of this Plan.


ARTICLE 3.
DEFERRAL COMMITMENTS/COMPANY CONTRIBUTIONS/CREDITING/TAXES

     3.1 Election to Defer; Effect of Election Form. Subject to the terms 
and conditions set forth herein and such terms and conditions as the 
Administrator may determine, Participants may elect to defer Base Annual 
Salary, Annual Bonus, Directors Fees and Restricted Stock Amounts by timely 
completing and delivering to the Administrator an Election Form. Subject to 
the terms and conditions herein, after a Plan Year commences, such deferral 
election shall be irrevocable and shall continue for the entire Plan Year 
and subsequent years until its termination upon a Participant’s Termination 
of Employment, complete distribution of benefits or amendment pursuant to 
Section 3.2 or Section 3.3.

     (a) Base Annual Salary, Annual Bonus and/or Directors Fees. Subject to 
any terms and conditions imposed by the Administrator, Participants may 
elect to defer, under the Plan, Base Annual Salary, Annual Bonus and/or 
Directors Fees. For these elections to be valid with respect to deferrals 
of Base Annual Salary, Annual Bonus and/or Directors Fees, the Election 
Form must be completed and signed by the Participant, timely delivered to 
the Administrator no later than December 31 of the year immediately 
preceding the Plan Year for which the Base Annual Salary, Annual Bonus 
and/or Director Fees are earned or such earlier date determined and set by 
the Administrator in its sole discretion, and accepted by the 
Administrator. If no such Election Form is timely delivered for a Plan 
Year, the Annual Deferral Amount shall be zero for that Plan Year.

     (b) Restricted Stock. Subject to any terms and conditions imposed by 
the Administrator, Participants may elect to defer, under the Plan, 
Restricted Stock Amounts. For an election to defer Restricted Stock Amounts 
to be valid, the Election Form that designates such Restricted Stock must 
cover an entire award of Restricted Stock, be completed and signed by the 
Participant, timely delivered to the Administrator no later than December 
31 of the year immediately preceding the Plan Year in which such Restricted 
Stock is to be earned or such earlier date determined and set by the 
Administrator in its sole discretion, and accepted by the Administrator.

     (c) Dividends. Stock Dividends and Non-Stock Dividends (as defined in 
Section 3.6(e) below) payable with respect to Stock Units allocated to the 
Participant’s Accounts shall be deferred in accordance with the 
Participant’s deferral election made in connection with the related 
deferral of Restricted Stock Amounts.

     3.2 Redeferral. A Participant may annually change his or her Fixed 
Date Payout (as defined in Section 4.1) election to a subsequent fixed date 
by submitting a new Election Form to the Administrator, provided, however, 
that (a) such change (i) must occur at least twelve (12) months prior to 
the originally elected fixed date, (ii) shall not be given any effect 
unless a full calendar year would have passed between the date upon which 
such Election Form is submitted and the originally elected fixed date and 
(iii) must provide for at least five full calendar years to pass between 
the originally elected fixed date and the subsequent fixed date designated 
in such form occurs and (b) the Election Form is accepted by the 
Administrator in its sole discretion. The Election Form most recently 
accepted by the Administrator shall govern the payout of the Participant’s 
benefits under the plan.

-10-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     3.3 Special Elections During Transition Period.

          (a) Special Elections in 2003, 2004 and 2005 regarding Deferrals
. In accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2005-1, the proposed 
regulations under Section 409A of the Code, and in reliance, without 
limitation, on the transition rules, performance-based compensation rule, 
and certain forfeitable rights rule, as applicable:

  	(i) 	  	on or before December 31, 2003, Employee Participants were 
permitted to defer up to 100% of individual tranches of Restricted Stock 
awards granted prior to December 31, 2004 and vesting January 1, 2005 with 
a minimum deferral period of three years from the vesting date of such 
tranche;
 
  	(ii) 	  	on or before December 31, 2004, Employee Participants were 
permitted to defer up to 100% of individual tranches of Restricted Stock 
awards granted prior to December 31, 2005 and vesting January 1, 2006 with 
a minimum deferral period of three years from the vesting date of such 
tranche;
 
  	(iii) 	  	on or before June 30, 2005, Employee Participants were 
permitted to defer up to 100% of the Annual Bonus and Restricted Stock to 
be granted in 2006 for performance in 2005 with a minimum deferral period 
of three years from January 1, 2006 with respect to the Annual Bonus, and 
the Vesting Date with respect to the Restricted Stock;
 
  	(iv) 	  	on or before December 31, 2005, Employee Participants were 
permitted to defer up to 100% of the tranches of Restricted Stock awards 
granted prior to December 15, 2005 and vesting January 1, 2006 or later and 
not previously deferred under the Plan with a minimum deferral period of 
five years from January 1, 2006 for the entire grant;
 
  	(v) 	  	on or before March 15, 2005, Non-Employee Directors were 
permitted to defer up to 100% of Director Fees for 2005 service with a 
minimum deferral period of three years in conjunction with transitioning to 
a new fiscal year for the Board;
 
  	(vi) 	  	on or before May 31, 2004, Non-Employee Directors were 
permitted to defer up to 100% of the Restricted Stock granted in May 2004 
with a minimum deferral period of three years from the Vesting Date; and
 
  	(vii) 	  	on or before March 15, 2005, Non-Employee Directors were 
permitted to defer up to 100% of the Restricted Stock granted in May 2005 
with a minimum deferral period of 3 years from the grant date.

          (b) Changes and Cancellations During Transition Period. 
Notwithstanding anything in Sections 3.1, 3.2 or 3.3 to the contrary and 
without being subject to the requirements in Section 3.2, during the 
relevant transition rule period prescribed by Internal Revenue Service 
Notice 2005-1 and the proposed regulations promulgated under Section 409A 
of the Code:

  	(i) 	  	on or prior to December 31, 2005, a Participant may cancel his 
or her election with respect to either (x) all amounts he or she deferred 
on or after January 1, 2005 subject to the Plan, (y) all of the amounts he 
or she deferred in a 2005 Plan Year election or (z) all of the amounts he 
or she

-11-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  	  	  	deferred in a 2006 Plan Year election; and amounts subject to 
cancellation are includible in income of the Participant in the calendar 
year 2005 or, if later, in the taxable year in which the amounts are earned 
and vested;
 
  	(ii) 	  	on or prior to December 31, 2005, a Participant may change the 
time and form of distribution of his or her election to an alternative 
payout period, and
 
  	(iii) 	  	on or prior to December 31, 2006, a Participant may change the 
time and form of distribution of his or her election to an alternative 
payout period; provided, however, that no change can be made in 2006 with 
respect to payments that the Participant would otherwise receive in 2006, 
or that would cause payments to be made in 2006 that would not otherwise be 
payable in such year,

provided further, that such Election Form is accepted by the Administrator 
in its sole discretion.

     3.4 Annual Minimum. For each Plan Year, the annual aggregate minimum 
deferral amount for each Participant is $5,000. If an election is made for 
less than such minimum amount, or if no election is made, the amount 
deferred shall be zero.

     3.5 Maximum Deferral.

     (a) Base Annual Salary, Annual Bonus and Directors Fees. For each Plan 
Year, a Participant may elect to defer, as his or her Annual Deferral 
Amount, up to 100% of his or her Base Annual Salary, Annual Bonus and/or 
Directors Fees.

     (b) Restricted Stock Amounts. A Participant may elect to defer up to 
100% of his or her Restricted Stock. Restricted Stock Amounts may also be 
limited by other terms or conditions set forth in the plan or agreement 
under which such Restricted Stock is granted.

     3.6 Accounts; Crediting of Deferrals. Solely for record keeping 
purposes, the Administrator shall establish a Deferral Account, a Company 
Contribution Account, a Company Matching Account and a Restricted Stock 
Account for each Participant. A Participant’s Accounts shall be credited 
with the deferrals made by him or her or on his or her behalf by his or her 
Employer under this Article 3 and shall be credited (or charged, as the 
case may be) with the hypothetical or deemed investment earnings and losses 
determined pursuant to Section 3.8, and charged with distributions made to 
or with respect to him or her.

     (a) Annual Deferral Amounts. For each Plan Year, the Base Annual 
Salary portion of the Annual Deferral Amount shall be withheld and credited 
to the Participant’s Deferral Account at the time of each regularly 
scheduled Base Annual Salary payroll in either the percentages or dollar 
amounts specified by the Participant in the Election Form, as adjusted from 
time to time for increases and decreases in Base Annual Salary. The Annual 
Bonus and/or Directors Fees portion of the Annual Deferral Amount shall be 
withheld and credited to the Participant’s Deferral Account at the time the 
Annual Bonus or Directors Fees are or otherwise would be paid to the 
Participant, whether or not this occurs during the Plan Year itself.

     (b) Annual Company Contribution Amount. For each Plan Year, an 
Employer, in its sole discretion, may, but is not required to, credit any 
amount it desires to any Participant’s Company Contribution Account under 
this Plan, which amount shall be for that Participant the Annual Company 
Contribution Amount for that Plan Year. The amount so credited to a

-12-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Participant may be smaller or larger than the amount credited to any other 
Participant, and the amount credited to any Participant for a Plan Year may 
be zero, even though one or more other Participants receive an Annual 
Company Contribution Amount for that Plan Year. The Annual Company 
Contribution Amount, if any, shall be credited to Participants’ Company 
Contribution Accounts on the date declared by the Employer.

     (c) Annual Company Matching Amount. For each Plan Year, an Employer, 
in its sole discretion, may, but is not required to, credit any amount it 
desires to any Participant’s Company Matching Account under this Plan, 
which amount shall be for that Participant the Annual Company Matching 
Amount for that Plan Year. The amount so credited to a Participant may be 
smaller or larger than the amount credited to any other Participant, and 
the amount credited to any Participant for a Plan Year may be zero, even 
though one or more other Participants receive an Annual Company 
Contribution Amount for that Plan Year. The Annual Company Contribution 
Amount, if any, shall be credited to Participants’ Company Matching 
Accounts on the date declared by the Employer.

     (d) Restricted Stock Amounts. Restricted Stock Amounts shall be 
credited/debited to the Participant on the books of the Employer in 
connection with such an election on the vesting date of the individual 
tranche of the award. A Participant’s Restricted Stock Account shall be 
credited with that number of Stock Units equal to the quotient obtained by 
dividing (i) the aggregate amount of the Restricted Stock Amount then 
vesting and so deferred by (ii) the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock 
on the vesting date. Participants who elect to defer Restricted Stock 
Amounts will have no rights as stockholders of the Company with respect to 
allocations made to their Restricted Stock Accounts other than the right to 
receive dividend allocations as described in Section 3.6(e).

     (e) Dividends. Stock and Non-Stock Dividends payable with respect to 
Stock Units allocated to a Participant’s Accounts may be credited by the 
Administrator to the Participant’s Accounts in the form of additional Stock 
Units or fractional Stock Units as of the date upon which the Company makes 
such a distribution to its stockholders, as follows:

  	(i) 	  	Each of the Participant’s Accounts would be credited with an 
additional number of Stock Units equal to the number of shares of Stock 
distributable as a dividend with respect to Stock Units credited to such 
Account (“Stock Dividends”); and
 
  	(ii) 	  	In the event of a cash dividend or other non-Stock amount 
distributable with respect to Stock (“Non-Stock Dividends”), each of the 
Participant’s Accounts would be credited with an amount in cash equal to 
such Non-Stock Dividend. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such cash amounts 
shall not be credited to a Restricted Stock Account.

     Alternatively, the Administrator, in its discretion, may provide for 
Stock or Non-Stock Dividends to be credited to a Participant’s Accounts, 
including a Participant’s Deferral Account, in a different manner.

     3.7 Vesting. A Participant shall at all times be 100% vested in his or 
her Deferral Account, Restricted Stock Account, Company Contribution 
Account and Company Matching Account.

     3.8 Earnings Credits or Losses. In accordance with, and subject to, 
the rules and procedures that are established from time to time by the 
Administrator, in its sole discretion, amounts shall be credited or debited 
to a Participant’s Account Balance in accordance with the following rules:

-13-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     (a) Election of Measurement Funds. A Participant, in connection with 
his or her initial deferral election in accordance with Section 3.1 above, 
shall elect, on the Election Form, one or more Measurement Fund(s) (as 
described in Section 3.8(c) below) to be used to determine the additional 
amounts to be credited to his or her Account Balance, unless changed in 
accordance with the next sentence. The Participant may (but is not required 
to) elect, by submitting an Election Form to the Administrator that is 
accepted by the Administrator, to add or delete one or more Measurement 
Fund(s) to be used to determine the additional amounts to be credited to 
his or her Account Balance, or to change the portion of his or her Account 
Balance allocated to each previously or newly elected Measurement Fund. If 
an election is made in accordance with the previous sentence, it shall 
become effective as soon as administratively practicable and shall continue 
thereafter until changed in accordance with the previous sentence. Changes 
may be made to allocations at any time during the Plan Year, up to a 
maximum of six (6) changes per Participant per Plan Year.

     (b) Proportionate Allocation. In making any election described in 
Section 3.8(a) above, the Participant shall specify on the Election Form, 
in increments of whole percentage points (1%), the percentage of his or her 
Account Balance to be allocated to a Measurement Fund (as if the 
Participant was making an investment in that Measurement Fund with that 
portion of his or her Account Balance).

     (c) Measurement Funds. The Administrator shall from time to time 
select types of Measurement Funds and specific Measurement Funds for deemed 
investment designation by Participants for the purpose of crediting 
additional amounts to his or her Account Balance. As necessary, the 
Administrator may, in its sole discretion, discontinue, substitute or add a 
Measurement Fund. The Administrator shall notify the Participants of the 
types of Measurement Funds and the specific Measurement Funds selected from 
time to time.

     (d) Crediting or Debiting Method. The performance of each elected 
Measurement Fund (either positive or negative) will be determined by the 
Administrator, in its sole discretion, based on the performance of the 
Measurement Funds themselves. A Participant’s Account Balance shall be 
credited or debited as frequently as is administratively feasible, but no 
less often than quarterly, based on the performance of each Measurement 
Fund selected by the Participant, as determined by the Administrator in its 
sole discretion.

     (e) No Actual Investment. Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Plan that may be interpreted to the contrary, the Measurement Funds are to 
be used for measurement purposes only, and a Participant’s election of any 
such Measurement Fund, the allocation to his or her Account Balance 
thereto, the calculation of additional amounts and the crediting or 
debiting of such amounts to a Participant’s Account Balance shall not be 
considered or construed in any manner as an actual investment of his or her 
Account Balance in any such Measurement Fund. In the event that the Company 
or the Trustee (as that term is defined in the Trust), in its own 
discretion, decides to invest funds in any or all of the Measurement Funds, 
no Participant shall have any rights in or to such investments themselves. 
Without limiting the foregoing, a Participant’s Account Balance shall at 
all times be a bookkeeping entry only and shall not represent any 
investment made on his or her behalf by the Employer or the Trust; the 
Participant shall at all times remain an unsecured creditor of the 
Employers.

     (f) Stock Accounts. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan 
to the contrary Restricted Stock Amounts may not be allocated to any 
Measurement Fund. A Participant’s Restricted Stock Account will be credited 
with any Restricted Stock Amounts deferred pursuant to Section 3.6(d) and 
any dividends deferred pursuant to Section 3.1(c).

-14-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     3.9 Distributions. Any distribution with respect to a Participant’s 
Account Balance shall be charged to the appropriate account as of the date 
such payment is made by the Employer or the trustee of the Trust which may 
be established for the Plan.


ARTICLE 4.
FIXED DATE PAYOUTS

     4.1 Fixed Date Payout. In connection with each Election Form, a 
Participant may irrevocably elect to receive a future “Fixed Date Payout” 
from the Plan of his or her Fixed Date Payout Account Balance. Subject to 
the Deduction Limitation and the other terms and conditions of this Plan, 
each Fixed Date Payout elected shall be paid out no earlier than the first 
day of any Plan Year designated by the Participant that is (i) with respect 
to an Annual Deferral Amount, at least one (1) Plan Year after the Plan 
Year in which the Annual Deferral Amount is actually deferred or (ii) with 
respect to a Restricted Stock Amount, the Plan Year of the Vesting Date 
(the “Earliest Fixed Date Payout Date”). By way of example, if a one (1) 
year Fixed Date Payout is elected for Annual Deferral Amounts that are 
deferred in the Plan Year commencing January 1, 2006, the one (1) year 
Fixed Date Payout would become payable no earlier than January 1, 2007; 
and, if a Fixed Date Payout is elected for a Restricted Stock Amount 
granted on March 1, 2006 with a five (5) year vesting period on January 1 
of each year, the Fixed Date Payout would become payable no earlier than 
January 1, 2011. A Participant shall elect on each Election Form on which a 
Fixed Date Payout is elected to receive the Fixed Date Payout Account 
Balance applicable to such election in a lump sum or pursuant to a 
Quarterly or Annual Installment Method over a period of up to ten (10) 
years, payable in the first (1st) week of January, April, July, and 
October, as applicable. If a Participant does not elect to have his or her 
Fixed Date Payout Account Balance paid in accordance with the Quarterly or 
Annual Installment Method, then such benefit shall be payable in a lump 
sum. The lump sum payment shall be made no later than sixty (60) days after 
the last day of any Plan Year designated by the Participant that is after 
the Earliest Fixed Date Payout Date. Any payment made shall be subject to 
the Deduction Limitation.

     4.2 Other Benefits Take Precedence Over Fixed Date. Should an event 
occur that triggers a benefit under Article 5 or 6, any Annual Deferral 
Amount or Restricted Stock Amount, plus amounts credited or debited 
thereon, that is subject to a Fixed Date Payout election under Section 4.1 
shall not be paid in accordance with Section 4.1 but shall be paid in 
accordance with the other applicable Article.


ARTICLE 5.
DISTRIBUTIONS

     5.1 Retirement Benefit.

     (a) Retirement Benefit. A Participant who Retires, shall receive, as a 
Retirement Benefit, his or her vested Account Balance. A Participant, in 
connection with his or her commencement of participation in the Plan, shall 
elect on an Election Form to receive the Retirement Benefit in a lump sum 
or pursuant to a Quarterly or Annual Installment Method over a period of up 
to ten (10) years, payable in the first (1st) week of January, April, July, 
and October, as applicable. If a Participant does not make any election 
with respect to the payment of the Retirement Benefit, then such benefit 
shall be payable in a lump sum. The lump sum payment shall be made, or 
installment payments shall commence, no later than the later of (i) 
December 31 of the calendar year during which the Participant Retires or 
(ii) the fifteenth (15th) day of the third (3rd) month following the date 
of such Retirement.

     (b) Death Prior to Completion of Retirement Benefit or Termination 
Benefit. If a Participant dies after Retirement but before the Retirement 
Benefit due under this Section 5.1 is paid in full or after a Termination 
of Employment but before the Termination Benefit under Section 5.3 is paid 
in full, the Participant’s unpaid Retirement Benefit under this Section 5.1 
or Termination Benefit under Section 5.3 shall be paid to the Participant’s 
Beneficiary over the

-15-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

remaining number of months and in the same amounts as such Retirement 
Benefit or Termination Benefit would have been paid to the Participant had 
the Participant survived.

     5.2 Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefit. A Participant’s Beneficiary shall 
receive a Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefit equal to the Participant’s vested 
Account Balance if the Participant dies before he or she experiences a 
Termination of Employment or suffers a Disability. The Pre-Retirement 
Survivor Benefit shall be paid to the Participant’s Beneficiary (a) if a 
Fixed Date Payout has not commenced prior to Participant’s death, 
commencing no later than the later of (i) December 31 of the calendar year 
during which the Participant died or (ii) the fifteenth (15th) day of the 
third (3rd) month following the Participant’s death, and being paid in a 
lump sum, if so elected by Participant, or in installment payments, if so 
elected by Participant, over the number of months and in the same amounts 
as that benefit would have been paid to the Participant had the Participant 
survived, and (b) if a Fixed Date Payout has commenced prior to 
Participant’s death, over the remaining number of months and in the same 
amounts as that benefit would have been paid to the Participant had the 
Participant survived.

     5.3 Termination Benefit. A Participant shall receive a Termination 
Benefit, which shall be equal to the Participant’s vested Account Balance 
if a Participant experiences a Termination of Employment prior to his or 
her Retirement, death or Disability. A Participant’s Termination Benefit 
shall be paid in a lump sum; except that if the Participant is a 
Non-Employee Director such Participant may elect on an Election Form 
pursuant to Section 3.1 above to receive the Termination Benefit in a lump 
sum or pursuant to a Quarterly or Annual Installment Method over a period 
of up to ten (10) years, payable in the first (1st) week of January, April, 
July and October, as applicable; however, if no such election is made with 
respect to the payment of the Termination Benefit, then such benefit shall 
be payable in a lump sum. The lump sum payment shall be made, or 
installment payments shall commence, no later than the later of (i) 
December 31 of the calendar year during which the Participant’s Termination 
of Employment occurred or (ii) the fifteenth (15th) day of the third (3rd) 
month following the Participant’s Termination of Employment.

     5.4 Change in Control Benefit.

     (a) Change in Control Benefit. A Participant shall receive a Change in 
Control Benefit, which shall be equal to the Participant’s vested Account 
Balance in the event of a Change in Control. A Participant’s Change in 
Control Benefit due under this Section 5.4 shall be paid in a lump sum. The 
lump sum payment shall be made as soon as administratively practicable upon 
the Change in Control but in no event later than the later of (i) December 
31 of the calendar year during which the Change in Control occurs or (ii) 
the fifteenth (15th) day of third (3rd) month following the date of such 
Change in Control.

     (b) Change in Control Benefit to Take Precedence Over Other Benefits. 
Should an event occur that triggers a Change in Control Benefit under this 
Section 5.4, any Annual Deferral Amount, plus amounts credited or debited 
thereon, that is subject to an existing payout under Section 4.1 shall not 
be paid in accordance with such Article but shall be paid in accordance 
with this Section 5.4.

     5.5 Disability Benefit. The Participant shall receive a Disability 
Benefit, which shall be equal to the Participant’s vested Account Balance 
in the event of the Participant’s Disability, as determined by the 
Administrator. Payment of a Participant’s Disability Benefit under this 
Section 5.5 shall be paid in a lump sum. If a Participant’s Disability 
occurs after Retirement or after a Termination of Employment but before the 
Retirement Benefit under Section 5.1 or the Termination Benefit under 
Section 5.3 is paid in full, the Participant’s unpaid Retirement Benefit 
under Section 5.1 or Termination Benefit under Section 5.3 shall continue 
and shall be paid to the Participant over the remaining number of

-16-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

months and in the same amounts as such Retirement Benefit or such 
Termination Benefit would have been paid to the Participant had the 
Participant survived.

     5.6 Stock Distributions. All Account Balance distributions from a 
Participant’s Restricted Stock Account shall be in the form of whole shares 
of Stock equivalent to the whole Stock Units credited to the Participant’s 
Restricted Stock Account. Distributions in respect of fractional Stock 
Units shall be made in cash. In the case of any Quarterly or Annual 
Installment Method, the precise number of shares delivered in each 
installment shall be determined in such a manner as to cause each 
installment to be essentially equal based on the Stock Units credited to 
the Participant’s accounts as of the date of the first installment, 
including dividend equivalents credited prior to that date. Dividend 
equivalents credited to a Participant’s Restricted Stock Account after the 
date of the first installment will be distributed as part of the final 
installment. Any fractional Stock Units remaining at the time of the final 
installment distribution shall be payable in cash.

     5.7 Delayed Distributions for Employee Participants. Notwithstanding 
any provision of this Plan to the contrary, upon the Termination of 
Employment or Retirement of a Participant who is an Officer or Employee for 
any reason other than death or Disability, any Account Balance distribution 
that otherwise would be paid to Participant during the period of time 
beginning with such Termination of Employment or Retirement and ending six 
months thereafter shall not be paid during such six-month period but shall 
be delayed and instead paid in a lump sum as soon as administratively 
practicable following such six-month delay period. There shall be no such 
six-month delay period in the event of and any six-month delay period which 
has already commenced shall terminate immediately upon (i) the 
Participant’s death or Disability or (ii) a Change in Control. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any Quarterly or Annual Installment Method payments due 
to Participant after any such delay period shall not be accelerated by 
application of this Section 5.7 and may only be accelerated to the extent 
such acceleration is provided for in another Plan provision.


ARTICLE 6.
UNFORESEEABLE FINANCIAL EMERGENCIES

     6.1 Withdrawal Payout/Suspensions for Unforeseeable Financial 
Emergencies. If a Participant experiences an Unforeseeable Financial 
Emergency, the Participant may petition the Administrator to (i) suspend 
any deferrals required to be made by a Participant and/or (ii) receive a 
partial or full payout from the Plan. The payout shall not exceed the 
lesser of the Participant’s vested Account Balance, calculated as if such 
Participant were receiving a Termination Benefit under Section 5.3, or the 
amount reasonably needed to satisfy the Unforeseeable Financial Emergency. 
If, subject to the sole discretion of the Administrator, the petition for a 
suspension and/or payout is approved, suspension shall take effect upon the 
date of approval and any payout shall be made within sixty (60) days of the 
date of approval but in no event shall any payout be made following the 
later of (a) December 31 of the calendar year during which the 
Unforeseeable Financial Emergency occurs and (b) the fifteenth (15th) day 
of the third (3rd) month following the date of such Unforeseeable Financial 
Emergency. The payment of any amount under this Section 6.1 shall not be 
subject to the Deduction Limitation.


ARTICLE 7.
BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION

     7.1 Beneficiary. Each Participant shall have the right, at any time, 
to designate his or her Beneficiary(ies) (both primary as well as 
contingent) to receive any benefits payable under the Plan to a beneficiary 
upon the death of a Participant. The Beneficiary designated under this Plan 
may be the same as or different from the Beneficiary designation under any 
other plan of an Employer in which the Participant participates.

     7.2 Beneficiary Designation; Change; Spousal Consent. A Participant 
shall designate his or her Beneficiary by completing and signing the 
Beneficiary Designation Form, and returning it to the

-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Administrator or its designated agent. A Participant shall have the right 
to change a Beneficiary by completing, signing and otherwise complying with 
the terms of the Beneficiary Designation Form and the Administrator’s rules 
and procedures, as in effect from time to time. Upon the acceptance by the 
Administrator of a new Beneficiary Designation Form, all Beneficiary 
designations previously filed shall be canceled. The Administrator shall be 
entitled to rely on the last Beneficiary Designation Form filed by the 
Participant and accepted by the Administrator prior to his or her death.

     7.3 Acknowledgment. No designation or change in designation of a 
Beneficiary shall be effective until received and acknowledged in writing 
by the Administrator or its designated agent.

     7.4 No Beneficiary Designation. If a Participant fails to designate a 
Beneficiary as provided in Sections 7.1, 7.2 and 7.3 above or, if all 
designated Beneficiaries predecease the Participant or die prior to 
complete distribution of the Participant’s benefits, then the Participant’s 
designated Beneficiary shall be deemed to be his or her surviving spouse. 
If the Participant has no surviving spouse, the benefits remaining under 
the Plan to be paid to a Beneficiary shall be payable to the executor or 
personal representative of the Participant’s estate.

     7.5 Doubt as to Beneficiary. If the Administrator has any doubt as to 
the proper Beneficiary to receive payments pursuant to this Plan, the 
Administrator shall have the right, exercisable in its discretion, to cause 
the Participant’s Employer to withhold such payments until this matter is 
resolved to the Administrator’s satisfaction.

     7.6 Discharge of Obligations. The payment of benefits under the Plan 
to a Beneficiary shall fully and completely discharge all Employers and the 
Administrator from all further obligations under this Plan with respect to 
the Participant, and that Participant’s Election Form shall terminate upon 
such full payment of benefits.


ARTICLE 8.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE

     8.1 Paid Leave of Absence. If a Participant is authorized by the 
Participant’s Employer for any reason to take a paid leave of absence from 
the employment of the Employer, the Participant shall continue to be 
considered employed by the Employer and the Annual Deferral Amount shall 
continue to be withheld during such paid leave of absence in accordance 
with Section 3.6.


ARTICLE 9.
TERMINATION, AMENDMENT OR MODIFICATION

     9.1 Termination With Respect to Account Balances. The Plan shall not 
terminate with respect to Account Balances and any Employers, except in a 
manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code and the proposed and 
final Department of Treasury rules, regulations and other guidance 
promulgated thereunder. Upon a termination of the Plan with respect to 
Account Balances that complies with Section 409A of the Code, each 
Participant shall be entitled to receive his or her Account Balance in a 
lump sum payment as soon as practicable following the first date such 
payment can be made in compliance with Section 409A of the Code but in no 
event following the last date such payment can be made in compliance with 
Section 409A of the Code. During the period of time between the date the 
Plan is terminated with respect to Account Balances and the date of such 
payment, Account Balance distributions, including those under a Quarterly 
or Annual Installment Method, which otherwise would be made pursuant to the 
Plan shall be made without regard to such termination.

     9.2 Amendment. An Employer may, at any time, amend or modify the Plan 
in whole or in part with respect to that Employer by the action of its 
board of directors, compensation committee of its board of directors or 
similar governing body; provided, however, that no amendment or 
modification shall be effective to decrease or restrict the value of a 
Participant’s Account Balance in existence at the time the

-18-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

amendment or modification is made, calculated as if the Participant had 
experienced a Termination of Employment as of the effective date of the 
amendment or modification or, if the amendment or modification occurs after 
the date upon which the Participant was eligible to Retire, the Participant 
had Retired as of the effective date of the amendment or modification. The 
amendment or modification of the Plan shall not affect any Participant or 
Beneficiary who has become entitled to the payment of benefits under the 
Plan as of the date of the amendment or modification.

     9.3 Effect of Payment. The full payment of the applicable benefit 
under Article 4 of the Plan or under Articles 5 and 6 of the Plan shall 
completely discharge all obligations to a Participant and his or her 
designated Beneficiaries under this Plan and the Participant’s Plan 
Agreement shall terminate.


ARTICLE 10.
ADMINISTRATION

     10.1 Administrator Duties. The Committee appointed pursuant to Section 
10.3 shall be the Administrator and shall conduct the general 
administration of the Plan in accordance with the Plan and shall have all 
the necessary power and authority to carry out that function. Members of 
the Administrator may be Participants under this Plan. Any individual 
serving on the Administrator who is a Participant shall not vote or act on 
any matter relating solely to himself or herself. Among the Committee’s 
necessary powers and duties are the following:

     (a) Except to the extent provided otherwise by Article 13, to delegate 
all or part of its function as Administrator to others and to revoke any 
such delegation.

     (b) To determine questions of eligibility of Participants and their 
entitlement to benefits, subject to the provisions of Articles 11 and 13.

     (c) To select and engage attorneys, accountants, actuaries, trustees, 
appraisers, brokers, consultants, administrators, physicians or other 
persons to render service or advice with regard to any responsibility the 
Administrator has under the Plan, or otherwise, to designate such persons 
to carry out fiduciary responsibilities (other than trustee 
responsibilities) under the Plan, and (with the Committee, the Employers 
and their officers, directors, trustees and Employees) to rely upon the 
advice, opinions or valuations of any such persons, to the extent permitted 
by law, being fully protected in acting or relying thereon in good faith.

     (d) To interpret the Plan for purpose of the administration and 
application of the Plan, in a manner not inconsistent with the Plan or 
applicable law and to amend or revoke any such interpretation.

     (e) To conduct claims procedures as provided in Article 11.

     10.2 Binding Effect of Decisions. The decision or action of the 
Administrator with respect to any question arising out of or in connection 
with the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan, 
Section 409A of the Code and the proposed and final Department of Treasury 
rules, regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder shall be final 
and conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in the 
Plan.

     10.3 Committee. The Committee shall consist solely of two or more 
Non-Employee Directors appointed by and holding office at the pleasure of 
the Board, each of whom is both a “non-employee director” as defined by 
Rule 16b-3 and an “outside director” for purposes of Section 162(m) of the 
Code. Appointment of Committee members shall be effective upon acceptance 
of appointment. Committee members may resign at any time by delivering 
written notice to the Board. Vacancies in the Committee may be filled by 
the Board.

-19-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     10.4 Indemnification. All Employers shall indemnify and hold harmless 
any of their officers, Directors, Committee members or Employees who are 
involved in the administration of the Plan against any and all claims, 
losses, damages, expenses or liabilities arising out of the good faith 
performance of their administrative functions.

     10.5 Employer Information. To enable the Administrator to perform its 
functions, each Employer shall supply full and timely information to the 
Administrator on all matters relating to the compensation of its 
Participants, the date and circumstances of the Retirement, Disability, 
death or Termination of Employment of its Participants, and such other 
pertinent information as the Administrator may reasonably require.


ARTICLE 11.
CLAIMS PROCEDURES

     11.1 Presentation of Claim. Any Participant or Beneficiary of a 
deceased Participant (such Participant or Beneficiary being referred to 
below as a “Claimant”) may deliver to the Administrator a written claim for 
a determination with respect to the amounts distributable to such Claimant 
from the Plan. If such a claim relates to the contents of a notice received 
by the Claimant, the claim must be made within sixty (60) days after such 
notice was received by the Claimant. All other claims must be made within 
one hundred eighty (180) days of the date on which the event that caused 
the claim to arise occurred. The claim must state with particularity the 
determination desired by the Claimant.

     11.2 Notification of Decision. The Administrator shall consider a 
Claimant’s claim within a reasonable time, and shall notify the Claimant in 
writing:

     (a) that the Claimant’s requested determination has been made, and 
that the claim has been allowed in full; or

     (b) that the Administrator has reached a conclusion contrary, in whole 
or in part, to the Claimant’s requested determination, and such notice must 
set forth in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant:

  	(i) 	  	the specific reason(s) for the denial of the claim, or any part 
of it;
 
  	(ii) 	  	specific reference(s) to pertinent provisions of the Plan upon 
which such denial was based;
 
  	(iii) 	  	a description of any additional material or information 
necessary for the Claimant to perfect the claim, and an explanation of why 
such material or information is necessary; and
 
  	(iv) 	  	appropriate information as to the steps to be taken if the 
Claimant wishes to submit his or her claim for review pursuant to the claim 
review procedure set forth in Section 11.3 below, including the time limits 
applicable to such procedures, and a statement of the Claimant’s right to 
bring a civil action under Section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse 
decision upon review.

     Any notice pursuant to this Section 11.2 shall be given within a 
reasonable period of time but no later than ninety (90) days after the 
claim is filed, unless special circumstances require an extension of time 
for processing the claim. If such extension is required, written notice 
shall be furnished to the Claimant within ninety (90) days of the date the 
claim was filed stating the special circumstances requiring an extension of 
time and the date by which a decision on the claim can be expected, which 
shall be no more than one hundred eighty (180) days from the date the claim 
was filed.

-20-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     11.3 Review of a Denied Claim. Within sixty (60) days after receiving 
a notice from the Administrator that a claim has been denied, in whole or 
in part, a Claimant (or the Claimant’s duly authorized representative) may 
file with the Administrator a written request for a review of the denial of 
the claim specifying in detail each of Claimant’s contentions, the grounds 
on which each is based, all facts in support of the request, and any other 
matters which the Claimant deems pertinent. The Claimant (or the Claimant’s 
duly authorized representative):

     (a) may review and/or copy free of charge pertinent documents, records 
and other information relevant to the Claimant’s claim;

     (b) may submit issues, written comments or other documents, records or 
other information relating to the claim; and/or

     (c) may request a hearing, which the Administrator, in its sole 
discretion, may grant.

     Any such review by the Administrator shall take into account all 
comments, documents, records and other information submitted by the 
Claimant relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information 
was submitted or considered in the initial claim determination.

     11.4 Decision on Review. The Administrator shall render its decision 
on review promptly, and not later than sixty (60) days after the filing of 
a written request for review of the denial, unless a hearing is held or 
other special circumstances require additional time, in which case the 
Administrator’s decision must be rendered within one hundred twenty (120) 
days after such date. Such decision must be written in a manner calculated 
to be understood by the Claimant, and it must contain:

     (a) specific reasons for the decision;

     (b) specific reference(s) to the pertinent Plan provisions upon which 
the decision was based; and

     (c) a statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive upon request 
and free of charge reasonable access to and copies of all documents, 
records and other information relevant to the Claimant’s claim for 
benefits;

     (d) a statement of the Claimant’s right to bring an action under 
Section 502(a) of ERISA; and

     (e) such other matters as the Administrator deems relevant.

     11.5 Designation. The Administrator may designate any other person of 
its choosing to make any determination otherwise required under this 
Article.

     11.6 Arbitration. A Claimant whose appeal has been denied under 
Section 11.4 shall have the right to submit said claim to final and binding 
arbitration in the state of California pursuant to the rules of the 
American Arbitration Association. Any such requests for arbitration must be 
filed by written demand to the American Arbitration Association within 
sixty (60) days after receipt of the decision regarding the appeal. The 
costs and expenses of arbitration, including the fees of the arbitrators, 
shall be borne by the losing party. The prevailing party shall recover as 
expenses all reasonable attorney’s fees incurred by it in connection with 
the arbitration proceeding or any appeals therefrom.


ARTICLE 12.
TRUST

-21-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     12.1 Establishment of the Trust. The Company and the Partnership shall 
establish the Trust, and each Employer shall at least annually transfer 
over to the Trust such assets as the Employer determines, in its sole 
discretion, are necessary to provide, on a present value basis, for its 
respective future liabilities created with respect to the Account Balances 
for such Employer’s Participants for all periods prior to the transfer, as 
well as any debits and credits to the Participants’ Account Balances for 
all periods prior to the transfer, taking into consideration the value of 
the assets in the trust at the time of the transfer.

     12.2 Interrelationship of the Plan and the Trust. The provisions of 
the Plan shall govern the rights of a Participant to receive distributions 
pursuant to the Plan. The provisions of the Trust shall govern the rights 
of the Employers, Participants and the creditors of the Employers to the 
assets transferred to the Trust. Each Employer shall at all times remain 
liable to carry out its obligations under the Plan.

     12.3 Investment of Trust Assets. The Trustee of the Trust shall be 
authorized, upon written instructions received from the Administrator or 
investment manager appointed by the Administrator, to invest and reinvest 
the assets of the Trust in accordance with the applicable Trust Agreement, 
including the disposition of Stock and reinvestment of the proceeds in one 
or more investment vehicles designated by the Administrator.

     12.4 Distributions From the Trust. Each Employer’s obligations under 
the Plan may be satisfied with Trust assets distributed pursuant to the 
terms of the Trust, and any such distribution shall reduce the Employer’s 
obligations under this Plan.

     12.5 Limitations on Stock Distributed from the Trust.

     (a) Distribution Limit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this Plan, no contribution of Stock to or distribution of Stock from the 
Trust shall be made to the extent that such contribution or distribution 
could impair the Company’s status as a real estate investment trust, within 
the meaning of Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, as determined by the 
Company, in its sole discretion.

     (b) Reduction of Distributions. If necessary, the Administrator may 
reduce the amount of any Stock and/or Stock Units to be distributed under 
the Plan (in which case, such Stock and/or Stock Units will be distributed 
to the Participant in a manner determined by the Administrator to comply 
with the distribution limit, if any, under Section 12.5(a).


ARTICLE 13.
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SECURITIES LAWS

     13.1 Designation of Participants. With respect to any Employee or 
Non-Employee Director who is then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange 
Act, only the Committee may designate such Employee or Non-Employee 
Director as a Participant in the Plan.

     13.2 Action by Committee. With respect to any Participant who is then 
subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, any function of the 
Administrator under the Plan relating to such Participant shall be 
performed solely by the Committee, if and to the extent required to ensure 
the availability of an exemption under Section 16 of the Exchange Act for 
any transaction relating to such Participant under the Plan.

     13.3 Compliance with Section 16. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of the Plan or any rule, instruction, election form or other form, the Plan 
and any such rule, instruction or form shall be subject to any additional 
conditions or limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3) that 
are requirements for the

-22-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by applicable 
law, such provision, rule, instruction or form shall be deemed amended to 
the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule.

     13.4 Committee Approval. In order to ensure compliance with all 
applicable laws, the Committee, in its discretion, may require that any 
transactions by any Participant related to Stock must be pre-approved by 
the Committee.


ARTICLE 14.
CERTAIN CORPORATE EVENTS

     In the event that the Administrator determines that any dividend or 
other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Stock, other securities, 
or other property), recapitalization, reclassification, stock split, 
reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, 
spin-off, combination, repurchase, liquidation, dissolution, or sale, 
transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the 
assets of the Company, or exchange of Stock or other securities of the 
Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Stock or other 
securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event, 
in the Administrator’s sole discretion, affects the Stock such that an 
adjustment is determined by the Administrator to be appropriate in order to 
prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits 
intended to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any Account 
under the Plan, then the Administrator shall, in such manner as it may deem 
equitable, adjust the number and/or kind of shares of Stock (or other 
securities or property) credited to Participants’ Accounts.

     In the event of any transaction or event described in the preceding 
paragraph or any unusual or nonrecurring transactions or events affecting 
the Company, any affiliate of the Company, or the financial statements of 
the Company or any affiliate, or of changes in applicable laws, 
regulations, or accounting principles, the Administrator, in its sole and 
absolute discretion and on such terms and conditions as it deems 
appropriate, by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or 
event, is hereby authorized to take any one or more of the following 
actions whenever the Administrator determines that such action is 
appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or 
potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or with 
respect to any Account under the Plan, to facilitate such transactions or 
events, or to give effect to such changes in laws, regulations or 
principles:

     (a) To provide that Participants’ Stock Units and the Company’s rights 
and obligations with respect thereto shall be assumed by the successor or 
survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof;

     (b) To provide that the Stock Units credited to Participants’ Accounts 
shall be replaced by stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a 
parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number 
and/or kind of shares; and

     (c) To make adjustments to the number and/or kind of Stock Units (or 
other securities or property) credited to Participants’ Accounts.


ARTICLE 15.
MISCELLANEOUS

     15.1 Status of Plan. The Plan is intended to be a plan that is not 
qualified within the meaning of Code Section 401(a) and that “is unfunded 
and is maintained by an employer primarily for the purpose of providing 
deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly 
compensated employees” within the meaning of ERISA Sections 201(2), 
301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1). The Plan shall be administered and interpreted to 
the extent possible in a manner consistent with that intent.

-23-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     15.2 Unsecured General Creditor. Participants and their Beneficiaries, 
heirs, successors and assigns shall have no legal or equitable rights, 
interests or claims in any property or assets of any Employer. For purposes 
of the payment of benefits under this Plan, any and all of an Employer’s 
assets shall be, and remain, the general, unpledged unrestricted assets of 
the Employer. An Employer’s obligation under the Plan shall be merely that 
of an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money in the future.

     15.3 Employer’s Liability. An Employer’s liability for the payment of 
benefits shall be defined only by the Plan and the Election Form(s), as 
entered into between the Employer and a Participant. An Employer shall have 
no obligation to a Participant under the Plan except as expressly provided 
in the Plan and his or her Election Form(s).

     15.4 Nonassignability. Neither a Participant nor any other person 
shall have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, 
anticipate, mortgage or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate, alienate 
or convey in advance of actual receipt, the amounts, if any, payable 
hereunder, or any part thereof, which are, and all rights to which are 
expressly declared to be, unassignable and non-transferable. No part of the 
amounts payable shall, prior to actual payment, be subject to seizure, 
attachment, garnishment or sequestration for the payment of any debts, 
judgments, alimony or separate maintenance owed by a Participant or any 
other person, be transferable by operation of law in the event of a 
Participant’s or any other person’s bankruptcy or insolvency or be 
transferable to a spouse as a result of a property settlement or otherwise.

     15.5 Sources of Stock. If Stock is credited under the Plan in the 
Trust in connection with a deferral of Restricted Stock, the shares so 
credited shall be deemed to have originated, and shall be counted against 
the number of shares reserved under the Equity Plan under which they were 
granted.

     15.6 Tax Withholding.

     (a) Annual Deferral Amounts. For each Plan Year in which an Annual 
Deferral Amount is being withheld from a Participant, the Participant’s 
Employer(s) shall withhold from that portion of the Participant’s Base 
Annual Salary and Bonus that is not being deferred, in a manner determined 
by the Employer(s), the Participant’s share of FICA and other employment 
taxes on such Annual Deferral Amount. If necessary, the Administrator may 
reduce the Annual Deferral Amount in order to comply with this Section 
15.6.

     (b) Company Matching Amounts. When a Participant becomes vested in a 
portion of his or her Company Matching Account, the Participant’s 
Employer(s) shall withhold from the Participant’s Base Annual Salary and/or 
Bonus that is not deferred, in a manner determined by the Employer(s), the 
Participant’s share of FICA and other employment taxes. If necessary, the 
Administrator may reduce the vested portion of the Participant’s Company 
Matching Account in order to comply with this Section 15.6.

     (c) Restricted Stock Amounts. For each Plan Year in which a Restricted 
Stock Amount is being first credited to a Participant’s Account Balance, or 
at the time any dividends are credited to the Participant’s Accounts, the 
Participant’s Employer(s) shall withhold from that portion of the 
Participant’s Base Annual Salary, Bonus and Restricted Stock that is not 
being deferred, in a manner determined by the Employer(s), the 
Participant’s share of FICA and other employment taxes on such Restricted 
Stock Amount. If necessary, the Administrator may reduce the Restricted 
Stock Amount in order to comply with this Section 15.6.

     (d) Distributions. The Participant’s Employer(s), or the trustee of 
the Trust, shall withhold from any payments made to a Participant under 
this Plan all federal, state and local income, employment and other taxes 
required to be withheld by the Employer(s), or the trustee of

-24-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

the Trust, in connection with such payments, in amounts and in a manner to 
be determined in the sole discretion of the Employer(s) and the trustee of 
the Trust.

     (e) Participant May Satisfy Tax Obligations in Cash. The 
Administrator, in its sole discretion, may allow a Participant to pay to 
his or her Employer, in cash, any amounts required to be withheld by the 
Employer in connection with the Plan in lieu of having such amounts 
withheld from his or her deferrals or distributions.

     15.7 Coordination with Other Benefits. The benefits provided for a 
Participant and Participant’s Beneficiary under the Plan are in addition to 
any other benefits available to such Participant under any other plan or 
program for employees of the Participant’s Employer. The Plan shall 
supplement and shall not supersede, modify or amend any other such plan or 
program except as may otherwise be expressly provided.

     15.8 Compliance. A Participant shall have no right to receive payment 
with respect to the Participant’s Account Balance until all legal and 
contractual obligations of the Employers relating to establishment of the 
Plan and the making of such payments shall have been complied with in full. 
In addition, the Company shall impose such restrictions on Stock delivered 
to a Participant hereunder and any other interest constituting a security 
as it may deem advisable in order to comply with the Securities Act, the 
requirements of the New York Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange or 
automated quotation system upon which the Stock is then listed or quoted, 
any state securities laws applicable to such a transfer, any provision of 
the Company’s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, or any other applicable 
law or applicable regulation.

     15.9 Not a Contract of Employment. The terms and conditions of this 
Plan shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between any 
Employer and the Participant. Such employment is hereby acknowledged to be 
an “at will” employment relationship that can be terminated at any time for 
any reason, or no reason, with or without cause, and with or without 
notice, unless expressly provided in a written employment agreement. 
Nothing in this Plan shall be deemed to give a Participant the right to be 
retained in the service of any Employer, either as an Employee or a 
Director, or to interfere with the right of any Employer to discipline or 
discharge the Participant at any time.

     15.10 Furnishing Information. A Participant or his or her Beneficiary 
will cooperate with the Administrator by furnishing any and all information 
requested by the Administrator and take such other actions as may be 
requested in order to facilitate the administration of the Plan and the 
payments of benefits hereunder, including but not limited to taking such 
physical examinations as the Administrator may deem necessary.

     15.11 Governing Law. Subject to ERISA, the provisions of this Plan 
shall be construed and interpreted according to the internal laws of the 
State of California without regard to its conflicts of laws principles.

     15.12 Notice. Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given 
to the Administrator under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and 
hand-delivered, or sent by registered or certified mail, to the address 
below:

General Counsel
AMB Property Corporation
Pier 1, Bay 1
San Francisco, California 94111

     Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if 
delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark on the 
receipt for registration or certification.

-25-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to a 
Participant under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and 
hand-delivered, or sent by mail, to the last known address of the 
Participant.

     15.13 Successors. The provisions of this Plan shall bind and inure to 
the benefit of the Participant’s Employer and its successors and assigns 
and the Participant and the Participant’s designated Beneficiaries.

     15.14 Spouse’s Interest. The interest in the benefits hereunder of a 
spouse of a Participant who has predeceased the Participant shall 
automatically pass to the Participant and shall not be transferable by such 
spouse in any manner, including but not limited to such spouse’s will, nor 
shall such interest pass under the laws of intestate succession.

     15.15 Validity. In case any provision of this Plan shall be illegal or 
invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the 
remaining parts hereof, but this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if 
such illegal or invalid provision had never been inserted herein.

     15.16 Incompetent. If the Administrator determines in its discretion 
that a benefit under this Plan is to be paid to a minor, a person declared 
incompetent or to a person incapable of handling the disposition of that 
person’s property, the Administrator may direct payment of such benefit to 
the guardian, legal representative or person having the care and custody of 
such minor, incompetent or incapable person. The Administrator may require 
proof of minority, incompetence, incapacity or guardianship, as it may deem 
appropriate prior to distribution of the benefit. Any payment of a benefit 
shall be a payment for the account of the Participant and the Participant’s 
Beneficiary, as the case may be, and shall be a complete discharge of any 
liability under the Plan for such payment amount.

     15.17 Court Order. The Administrator is authorized to make any 
payments directed by court order in any action in which the Plan or the 
Administrator has been named as a party. In addition, if a court determines 
that a spouse or former spouse of a Participant has an interest in the 
Participant’s benefits under the Plan in connection with a property 
settlement or otherwise, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall 
have the right, notwithstanding any election made by a Participant, to 
immediately distribute the spouse’s or former spouse’s interest in the 
Participant’s benefits under the Plan to that spouse or former spouse.

     15.18 Accelerated Distributions, Trust Distributions and Plan 
Interpretation.

     (a) Accelerated Distributions. If, for any reason, all or any portion 
of a Participant’s benefits under this Plan becomes subject to a penalty 
tax amount under Section 409A and the final Department of Treasury rules, 
regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder, the Administrator 
may rescind the election subject to such penalty tax and accelerate the 
payment of such benefits at its discretion, provided that any such 
distribution will remain subject to penalty tax to the extent required by 
Section 409A and the final rules and regulations.

     (b) Trust Distributions. If the Trust terminates in accordance with 
the provisions of the Trust and benefits are distributed from the Trust to 
a Participant in accordance with such provisions, the Participant’s 
benefits under this Plan shall be reduced to the extent of such 
distributions.

     (c) Plan Interpretation. The Plan shall be interpreted, construed, 
administered and operated in good faith in a manner that satisfies the 
requirements of Section 409A of the Code, Internal Revenue Service Notice 
2005-1 and the final and proposed Department of Treasury rules, regulations 
and other guidance promulgated thereunder. Nothing in this Plan shall be 
construed as an entitlement to or guarantee of any particular tax treatment 
to a Participant.

-26-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     15.19 Insurance. The Employers, on their own behalf or on behalf of 
the trustee of the Trust, and, in their sole discretion, may apply for and 
procure insurance on the life of the Participant, in such amounts and in 
such forms as the Trust may choose. The Employers or the trustee of the 
Trust, as the case may be, shall be the sole owner and beneficiary of any 
such insurance. The Participant shall have no interest whatsoever in any 
such policy or policies, and at the request of the Employers shall submit 
to medical examinations and supply such information and execute such 
documents as may be required by the insurance company or companies to whom 
the Employers have applied for insurance.

     15.20 Status of Company as a REIT. Notwithstanding any provision of 
this Plan or any Participant’s election to the contrary, the Partnership, 
the Company and the Administrator shall have the right at any time, and 
from time to time, to amend this Plan or to take any other action which it 
or they deem to be necessary or appropriate in order to avoid or cure any 
impairment of the Company’s status as a real estate investment trust under 
Sections 856 et. seq. of the Code or to avoid or cure any violation of the 
Company’s Articles of Incorporation.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Partnership have signed this 
Plan document as of September 13, 2007.
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	AMB Property Corporation, a Maryland corporation 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Thomas S. Olinger
 
  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Chief Financial Officer 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	AMB Property, L.P.,a Delaware limited partnership 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	AMB Property Corporation, 	  	 
 
  	  	  	a Maryland Corporation, its general partner 	  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	By: 	  	/s/ Thomas S. Olinger
 
  	 
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  	Title: 	  	Chief Financial Officer 	  	 

-27-