 EX-10.3 12 exh10-3.txt AMENDMENT THIS AMENDMENT (the "Amendment") is made 
and entered into as of ________, 2007 by and between CHINA POWER EQUIPMENT, 
INC., a Maryland corporation (the "Company"), with headquarters located at 
Yasen Industry Center, 4th Floor, No.15 Gao Xin 6th Road, Hi-tech 
Industrial Development Zone, Xi'an, Shaanxi, CHINA 710075, and 
______________ ( the "Purchaser"). RECITALS WHEREAS, the Company and the 
Purchaser entered into a Preferred Stock and Warrant Purchase Agreement as 
of _______, 2007 pursuant to which the Purchaser purchases shares of the 
Company's Series A Convertible Stock and the Common Stock Purchase Warrants 
(the "Agreement"); and WHEREAS, the Company and the Purchaser wish to amend 
the Agreement as set forth herein; and NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of 
the foregoing premises, and the mutual covenants and obligations set forth 
herein, the Company and the Purchaser hereby agree as follows: ARTICLE I 
AMENDMENT 1. Amendment to Section 1.1 of the Agreement. The reference to 
"the Company" in the eighth line of Section 1.1 of the Agreement shall be 
deleted and "the Purchaser" shall be substituted therefor. 2. Amendment to 
Section 4.2 of the Agreement. Section 4.2 of the Agreement shall be deleted 
in its entirety and replaced with following: "Securities Laws; Disclosure; 
Press Release. The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the 
Securities with the SEC as required under Regulation D." 3. Amendment to 
Section 4.6 of the Agreement. Section 4.6 of the Agreement shall be deleted 
in its entirety and replaced with as the following: " 4.6 Conversion. (i) 
Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of Common 
Stock at the option of the holder thereof at the rate of 43.98 shares of 
Common Stock per share of Series A Preferred Stock (the "Conversion Rate"); 
provided, however, that the aggregate number of Shares of Common Stock 
which may be issued upon conversion of the Series A Preferred shall be no 
more than 5 million shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock may be 
issued upon the conversion of any share or shares of the Series A Preferred 
Stock into Common Stock, and the number of shares of Common Stock to be 
issued shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share. The Conversion Rate 
shall be appropriately adjusted in the event of a reorganization, 
recapitalization, stock split, stock dividend, combination of shares, or 
similar change in the corporation's Common Stock. In the event that no 
registration statement is effective for the sale or re-sale of the Common 
Stock issuable upon conversion, the corporation may deliver restricted 
Common Stock upon conversion. Except as set forth herein, neither the 
corporation nor any holder of Series A Preferred shall have the right to 
convert, or require the conversion of, Series A Preferred into Common Stock 
or any other security or property of the corporation or any other person. 
(ii) Mechanics of Conversion. Any holder of the Series A Preferred may 
deliver or cause to be delivered a notice to the corporation (A) stating 
that such holder wishes to convert the Series A Preferred ; (B) setting 
forth the number of full shares of Common Stock to be issued due to such 
conversion as determined in accordance with this Section (4.6)(i); (C) 
surrendering the Series A Preferred certificate in exchange for a Common 
Stock certificate representing the number of shares into which such 
holder's Series A Preferred will be converted. The person entitled to 
receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be 
treated for all purposes as the record holder of such shares of Common 
Stock at and after such time." 4. Amendment to Form of Warrant. The Form of 
Warrant shall be restated as in Exhibit A. Upon presentation and surrender 
of the original Warrant to the Company, a new Warrant will be issued to the 
Holder within five (5) business days. ARTICLE II MISCELLANEOUS 1. 
Amendments. The terms and provisions set forth in this Amendment shall 
modify and supersede all inconsistent terms and provisions set forth in the 
Agreement. The parties agree that the Agreement, as amended hereby, shall 
continue to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its 
terms. 2. Survival of Representations and Warranties. All express, written 
representations and warranties contained in the Agreement shall survive the 
execution and delivery of this Amendment. 3. Headings. The section headings 
contained in this Amendment are for purposes of convenience only, and shall 
in no way bear upon the construction or interpretation of this Amendment. 
4. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between 
the Company and the Purchaser and shall be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit of each party. Except as set forth in the Agreement, as amended 
hereby, no representations, warranties or promises have been made or relied 
upon by the Company or the Purchaser in entering into the Agreement or this 
Amendment. The Agreement, as amended hereby, shall prevail over prior 
communications between the Company and the Purchaser or their 
representatives regarding the matters contained herein. 2 5. Modification 
and Waiver. This Amendment may not be modified or amended except by an 
instrument or instruments in writing signed by the parties hereto. No 
waiver of any of the provisions of this Amendment shall be deemed, or shall 
constitute, a waiver of any other provisions, whether or not similar. No 
waiver shall be binding unless executed in writing by the party making the 
waiver. 6. Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed simultaneously in 
one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but 
all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 7. 
Severability. The provisions of this Amendment are severable, and the 
invalidity of any provision shall not affect the validity of any other 
provisions. 8. Binding Effect. This Amendment shall be binding upon, and 
shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective 
successors and permitted assigns. 9. Governing Law. This Amendment, its 
validity, interpretation and performance shall be governed by and construed 
in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without 
giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. 3 IN WITNESS 
WHEREOF, this Amendment has been executed and is effective as of the date 
hereof. COMPANY: CHINA POWER EQUIPMENT, INC. By: 
------------------------------- Name: Yongxing Song Title: President 
PURCHASERS: By: ------------------------------- Name: Title: 4