 EX-10.1 4 ex101.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION
 
and
 
MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT
 
 
This Assignment and Assumption and Management Agreement (this “Agreement) 
is made and entered into on June 29, 2007, by and among the following 
parties (each, a “Party” and collectively, the “Parties”): China Software 
Technology Group Co., Ltd., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), HXT 
Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Operating Subsidiary”), and 
Yuan Qing Li (the “Manager”).
 
WHEREAS, the Company, through certain second and third tier subsidiaries, 
including Shenzhen Hengtaifeng Technology Co., Ltd., a corporation 
organized under the laws of the People's Republic of China ("HTF") is 
engaged in the business of producing, marketing and selling in China highly 
specialized applications software designed for use in targeted industries 
(the “Business,” as further described herein); and
 
WHEREAS, HTF operates the Business on leased premises located at located at 
No.5 Floor 6, Block A, Skyworth Building, Hi-tech Industrial Park, Nanshan 
District, Shenzhen, 518057, P.R.China (the “Premises”); and
 
WHEREAS, the Operating Subsidiary is a wholly-owned, first tier subsidiary 
of the Company which holds the equity in the Company’s second and third 
tier subsidiaries; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company desires to transfer to the Operating Subsidiary all 
other assets of the Business and to cause the Operating Subsidiary to 
assume all liabilities and obligations of the Business accrued as of the 
time of Closing, as more fully described herein; and
 
WHEREAS, on the date of and immediately following the closing of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Company intends to 
consummate the closing of a merger pursuant to the terms of the Merger 
Agreement dated June 29, 2007 (the “Merger Agreement”) by and among the 
Company, American Wenshen Steel Group, Inc. and others; and
 
WHEREAS, as a condition to consummation of the merger pursuant to the 
Merger Agreement, the Manager, who is Chief Executive Officer and a 
director of the Company, must resign from his positions in management of 
the Company; and
 
WHEREAS, the Operating Subsidiary wishes to engage the Manager, and the 
Manager wishes to be engaged, to manage and operate the business of the 
Operating Subsidiary, effective at the Time of Closing (defined herein) and 
upon the terms and conditions set forth herein;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises made herein, and 
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of 
which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, 
agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE 1 : TRANSFER AND ASSIGNMENT OF STOCK AND ASSETS
 
The “Business” is operated by HTF, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heng Xing 
Technology Group Development Limited, which is in turn a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Operating Subsidiary. HTF and Heng Xing Technology Group 
Development Limited are sometimes referred to collectively herein as the 
“HTF Subsidiaries,” and each may be referred to individually as an “HTF 
Subsidiary”. The Business includes four products developed by HTF to date, 
including housing accumulation fund software, credit guarantee management 
software, family planning software and property management software. HTF 
also markets software products produced by other companies as a value-added 
reseller and provides services, such as installation, configuration and 
similar systems integration services.
 
 

 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
On the terms and subject to the conditions herein expressed, Company hereby 
sells, conveys, transfers, assigns, sets over and delivers to the Operating 
Subsidiary at the Time of Closing (as defined in Section 4.1), and the 
Operating Subsidiary assumes and accepts (A) all of the shares of capital 
stock of any entity other than the Operating Subsidiary owned by the 
Company together with (B) all assets, rights and interests, tangible and 
intangible, of every kind, nature and description, then owned, possessed or 
operated by the Company, directly or indirectly, wheresoever situate 
(collectively, the “Assets”), including without limitation the following:
 
1.1Machinery and Equipment. All machinery, equipment, computers and 
computer hardware, office furniture and fixtures, and other fixed or 
tangible assets;
 
1.2Inventories. All inventories, including without limitation merchandise, 
materials, component parts, production and office supplies, stationery and 
other imprinted material, promotional materials, and business records;
 
1.3Licenses and Permits. All licenses, permits and authorizations used by 
the Company or any of the HTF Subsidiaries to own and operate all of the 
Assets , to conduct the Business and to occupy the Premises for the purpose 
of conducing the Business thereon;
 
1.4Intangible Property. All intangible assets used in the operation of the 
Business which are transferable including, but not limited to, the HTF 
software programs described above and all developments, enhancements, 
versions and derivations thereof, customer and supplier lists, privileges, 
permits, licenses, software and software licenses, source codes, 
development rights, ideas, research and information pertaining to the 
Business and its products, certificates, commitments, goodwill, registered 
and unregistered patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks and trade 
names, and applications for registration thereof and the goodwill 
associated therewith, including without limitation the exclusive right to 
use the name Shenzhen Hengtaifeng Technology or derivations thereof in the 
Business, the right to receive mail related to the Business and the Assets 
which is addressed to the Company or any of the HTF Subsidiaries, and the 
right to telephone numbers used at the Premises in the Business;
 
1.5Cash and Accounts Receivable. All accounts receivable, deposit accounts, 
cash and cash equivalents and securities owned by the Company or any of the 
HTF Subsidiaries;
 
1.6Contract Rights. All rights and benefits of or in favor of the Company 
or any of the HTF Subsidiaries resulting or arising from any contracts, 
purchase orders, sales orders, forward commitments for goods or services, 
leases (including security deposits held by the landlord pursuant to the 
lease of the Premises), franchise or license agreements, beneficial 
interests in covenants not to compete or confidentiality covenants, the 
rights of the Company or any of the HTF Subsidiaries related to any other 
agreements whatsoever which arise out of the operation of the Business; and
 
1.7Claims. Claims made in lawsuits and other proceedings filed by the 
Company or any of the HTF Subsidiaries, judgments and settlements in the 
Company’s or any HTF Subsidiary’s favor, rights to refunds, including 
rights to and claims for refunds of taxes paid based upon or measured by 
the income of the Business prior to the Closing, and insurance policies and 
rights accrued thereunder.
 
ARTICLE 2 : ASSUMPTION OF LIABILITIES
 
2.1
 
 
Scope of Liabilities Assumed. The Operating Subsidiary shall assume, pay, 
perform or discharge the following:
 
  	 
a.
any and all debts, liabilities or obligations of any nature of the Company 
or the Operating Subsidiary or any of the HTF Subsidiaries, whether 
contingent or fixed and whether known or unknown, which have accrued at the 
Time of Closing.
  	 
b.
any and all debts, liabilities or obligations of any nature of the 
Operating Subsidiary or any of the HTF Subsidiaries, whether contingent or 
fixed and whether known or unknown, arising from the ownership or operation 
of the Assets or the Business or the occupation of the Premises either 
before or after the Time of Closing.
 
The Operating Subsidiary shall promptly provide for payment, performance 
and discharge of the same in accordance with their terms.
 
ARTICLE 3 : COLLECTION OF ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE
 
3.1Right to Collect. Following the closing, Operating Subsidiary shall have 
the right to collect the accounts receivables of the Company or any of the 
HTF Subsidiaries in existence at the Time of Closing and to settle, 
compromise, sue for collection, or take any action whatsoever with respect 
to the receivables. Company shall cooperate with Operating Subsidiary in 
notifying customers as to any payment instructions or change of address 
that Operating Subsidiary may wish to communicate to the customers. In the 
event Company receives payment of any receivable transferred to the 
Operating Subsidiary, it shall promptly endorse such payment and deliver it 
over to the Operating Subsidiary.
 
ARTICLE 4 : THE CLOSING
 
4.1The Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated in this 
Agreement (“Closing”) shall take place simultaneously with the closing of 
the transactions contemplated under the Merger Agreement. The effective 
time of closing is referred to herein as the “Time of Closing.”
 
4.2Deliveries by Company. At Closing, Company and shall deliver to 
Operating Subsidiary, in addition to all other items specified elsewhere in 
this Agreement, the following:
 
(a) Such instruments of sale, conveyance, transfer, assignment, 
endorsement, direction or authorization as will be required or as may be 
desirable to vest in Operating Subsidiary, its successors and assigns, 
directly or through ownership of the HTF Subsidiaries, all right, title and 
interest in and to the Assets, subject to any and all mortgages, pledges, 
liens, encumbrances, equities, charges, conditional sale or other title 
retention agreements, assessments, covenants, restrictions, reservations, 
commitments, obligations, or other burdens or encumbrances of any nature 
whatsoever that exist at the Time of Closing;
 
(b) All of the files, documents, papers, agreements, books of account and 
records pertaining to the Assets and the Business;
 
(c) Actual possession and operating control of the Assets; and
 
(d) To the extent required, the consents of third parties to the assignment 
and transfer of any of the Assets.
 
4.3Deliveries by Subsidiary. At Closing, the Operating Subsidiary shall 
deliver to the Company any instruments, in addition to this Agreement, as 
the Company deems necessary or desirable fully to secure the assumption by 
the Operating Subsidiary, its successors and assigns, of all liabilities 
and obligations of the Company, as described Section 2.1 hereof.
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
ARTICLE 5 : COVENANTS ON AND SUBSEQUENT TO THE CLOSING DATE
 
On and after the Closing Date, Operating Subsidiary covenants as follows:
 
5.1Pay Creditors. Following the Closing, Operating Subsidiary shall pay all 
payables and other obligations of Company or any of the HTF Subsidiaries 
assumed hereunder by the Operating Subsidiary, as such obligations become 
due in the ordinary course of business.
 
5.2Lawsuits. Without limiting the generality of Section 2.1, following the 
Closing, the Operating Subsidiary shall continue the defense of any and all 
lawsuits or other claims filed or threatened against the Company or any of 
the HTF Subsidiaries.
 
5.3Insurance Policies. Operating Subsidiary shall name the Company as an 
additional insured on all insurance policies transferred by the Company or 
any other insurance policies covering the period prior to the Time of 
Closing.
 
5.4Right to Inspect Records. Operating Subsidiary shall permit the Company 
and its agents to have reasonable access to the books and accounts of the 
Operating Subsidiary and each of the HTF Subsidiaries (at the expense of 
the Company) for the purpose of filing tax returns, preparing filings 
required by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and all other 
legitimate purposes.
 
5.5Execution of Further Documents. Upon the request of either party, the 
other party shall execute, acknowledge and deliver all such further acts, 
deeds, bills of sale, assignments, assumptions, undertakings, transfers, 
conveyances, title certificates, powers of attorney and assurances as may 
be required , in the case of Operating Subsidiary, to convey and transfer 
to, and vest in, Operating Subsidiary all of Company’s right, title and 
interest in the Assets, and in the case of the Company, to secure the 
assumption of the Company’s obligations and liabilities arising as of the 
Time of Closing.
 
ARTICLE 6:MANAGEMENT AND OPERATION OF SUBSIDIARY
 
6.1Titles. The Operating Subsidiary hereby engages the Manager to manage 
and operate its business. The Manager shall serve as a member of the Board 
of Directors of the Operating Subsidiary. In addition, the Manager shall 
serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Operating Subsidiary
 
6.2Duties.The Manager agrees that he will manage and operate the business 
of the Operating Subsidiary to the best of his abilities and will devote 
such time and effort as necessary to fulfill his duties under this 
Agreement.
 
6.3Management of Subsidiary. The Company agrees that the Manager will have 
exclusive authority over the operations of the Operating Subsidiary, except 
that the Company shall be entitled to intervene in the event that a breach 
of the covenants in this Agreement or any conduct by the Manager in the 
course of operating the Operating Subsidiary (or any of the HTF 
Subsidiaries) threatens the Company with material harm or material 
liability of any kind. (In any such event, the Company shall be entitled to 
remove all of the directors and officers of the Operating Subsidiary and to 
elect a new Board of Directors.) The Manager shall maintain such books and 
records of the operations of the Operating Subsidiary as are required by 
the Rules of the SEC, and shall prepare quarterly and annual financial 
statements promptly so as to permit the Company to file periodic reports 
with the SEC according to SEC Rules
 
6.4Company’s Covenants. The Company shall not cause any funds or assets of 
the Operating Subsidiary to be paid or transferred to the Company, nor 
shall the Company cause the Operating
 
 

 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
Subsidiary to issue any capital stock of any class or series or any 
options, warrants or rights to acquire capital stock of the Operating 
Subsidiary whether for additional consideration or on conversion.
 
6.5Spin Off of Subsidiary. The Manager shall use all reasonable efforts to 
cause a registration statement covering all of the outstanding common stock 
of the Operating Subsidiary (the “Registration Statement”) to be filed with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and declared effective, so 
as to permit a distribution by the Company to the holders of its common 
stock of the common stock of the Operating Subsidiary. Subject to the 
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Company agrees 
that, immediately upon the declaration of effectiveness of the Registration 
Statement, it shall declare a dividend in the form of all of the shares of 
common stock of the Operating Subsidiary, and that such dividend shall be 
payable to the holders of common stock of the Company (and not to holders 
of any other class of stock of the Company).
 
6.6Expenses Associated with Registration and Spin Off. The Operating 
Subsidiary shall be responsible for all expenses and liabilities incurred 
in connection with the declaration of the stock dividend resulting in the 
spin off of the Operating Subsidiary, including, without limitation, fees 
and expenses of counsel and all filing and registration fees incurred in 
connection with the registration of the common stock with the SEC.
 
6.7Compensation. Five days after the Closing Date the Company shall issue 
to the Manager eight million nine hundred ninety two thousand four hundred 
ninety three (8,992,493) shares of its common stock. The issuance shall be 
in compensation for all of the undertakings by the Manager herein. The 
Manager agrees that he will take the shares for investment and without a 
present intention of distributing same.
 
ARTICLE 7 : INDEMNIFICATION
 
7.1Indemnification by Company. From and after the Closing, the Company 
shall indemnify and save Operating Subsidiary, its officers and directors, 
and their respective successors, assigns, heirs and legal representatives 
(“Subsidiary Indemnitees”) harmless from and against any and all losses, 
claims, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses or deficiencies including, 
without limitation, actual attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses 
incident to proceedings or investigations or the defense or settlement of 
any claim incurred by or asserted against any Subsidiary Indemnitee due to 
or resulting from a violation or default by Company with respect to any of 
Company’s covenants, obligations or agreements hereunder or any losses or 
expenses incurred in connection with, or payments by Subsidiary of, any 
debts, obligations or liabilities of Company arising after the Time of 
Closing.
 
 
7.2Indemnification by Operating Subsidiary. From and after the Closing, the 
Operating Subsidiary shall indemnify and save Company, its officers and 
directors, and their respective successors, assigns, heirs and legal 
representatives (“Company Indemnitees”) harmless from and against any and 
all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses or deficiencies 
including, without limitation, actual attorneys’ fees and other costs and 
expenses incident to proceedings or investigations or the defense or 
settlement of any claim, incurred by or asserted against any Company 
Indemnitee due to or resulting from a violation or default by Operating 
Subsidiary with respect to any of Operating Subsidiary’s covenants, 
obligations or agreements hereunder and any losses or expenses incurred in 
connection with, or payments by Company of the debts, liabilities and 
obligations assumed by the Operating Subsidiary hereunder or the debts, 
liabilities and obligations of, the Operating Subsidiary arising after the 
Time of Closing.
 
7.3Indemnification Procedures.
 
(a) The party seeking indemnification (“Indemnified Party”) shall give the 
indemnifying party (“Indemnifying Party”) notice (a “Claim Notice”) of its 
indemnification claim which notice shall (i) be in writing, (ii) include 
the basis for the indemnification, and (iii) include the amount Indemnified 
Party believes is the amount to be indemnified, if reasonably possible.
 
(b) Indemnifying Party shall be deemed to accept Indemnified Party’s claim 
unless, within twenty (20) business days after receipt of any Claim Notice, 
Indemnifying Party delivers to Indemnified Party notice of non-acceptance 
of the indemnification claim, which must (a) be in writing and (b) include 
the basis for the disagreement.
 
(c) The parties shall attempt in good faith to resolve any issues 
concerning liability and the amount of such claim and any issues which they 
cannot resolve within thirty (30) days after delivery of the notice of 
non-acceptance pursuant to Section 7.3(b) shall be settled by arbitration 
in accordance with the Rules of Expedited Commercial Arbitration of the 
American Arbitration Association, by a sole arbitrator located in New York, 
NY or such other location as the parties shall agree, whose determination 
shall be final and binding on the parties hereto. The arbitration shall be 
governed by the United States Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16, and 
judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any 
court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator shall have the authority 
to award legal fees, arbitration costs and other expenses, in whole or in 
part, to the prevailing party.
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
ARTICLE 8: MISCELLANEOUS
 
8.1Benefit. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit 
of, the Parties hereto and their respective successors, assignees, heirs 
and legal representatives.
 
8.2Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.
 
8.3Amendment, Modification and Waiver. Any Party hereto may waive in 
writing any term or condition contained in this Agreement and intended to 
be for its benefit; provided, however, that no waiver by any Party, whether 
by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed or 
construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such term or condition. 
Each amendment, modification, supplement or waiver shall be in writing and 
signed by the Party or Parties to be charged.
 
8.4Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the exhibits, schedules and other 
documents expressly provided hereunder or delivered herewith represent the 
entire understanding of the parties.
 
8.5No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as expressly provided by this 
Agreement, nothing herein is intended to confer upon any person or entity 
not a Party to this Agreement any rights or remedies under or by reason of 
this Agreement.
 
8.6Notices. All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall 
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made as 
follows:
 
(a) If sent by reputable overnight air courier (such as Federal Express), 2 
business days after being sent;
 
(b) If sent by facsimile transmission, with a copy mailed on the same day 
in the manner provided in clause (a) above, when transmitted and receipt is 
confirmed by the fax machine; or
 
(c)  If otherwise actually personally delivered, when delivered.
 
 
All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be sent or 
delivered as follows:
 
If to the Company, to:
 
China Software Technology Group Co., Ltd.
c/o American Union Securities, Inc.
Attn.: Peter D. Zhou
100 Wall Street, 15th Floor
New York, NY 10005
Telephone: 212-232-0120 X 228
Facsimile: 212-785-5867
 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
Robert Brantl, Esq.
52 Mulligan Lane
Irvington, NY 10533
Telephone: 914-693-3026
Facsimile: 914-693-1807
 
If to Operating Subsidiary, to:
 
Mr. Yuan Qing Li
Chairman and CEO
HXT Holdings, Inc.
Skyworth Building, No. 5, Floor 6, Block A
Hi-Tech Industrial Park, Nanshan District
Shenzhen, P.R. China 518057
Telephone: 380-228-7356
Facsimile: 755-8282-1141
 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
Darren Ofsink, Esq.
600 Madison Avenue, 14th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Telephone: 212-371-8008
Facsimile: 212-688-7273
 
Each Party may change its address by written notice in accordance with this 
Section.
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 

 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
executed on June 29, 2007.
 
 
China Software Technology Group Co., Ltd.
 
By: /s/ Yuan Qing Li
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Yuan Qing Li, Chief Executive Officer
 
 
HXT Holdings, Inc.
 
 
By: /s/ Yuan Qing Li
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Yuan Qing Li, Chief Executive Officer
 
 
MANAGER:
 
 
/s/ Yuan Qing Li
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Yuan Qing Li, individually
 
 

 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 