 EX-10.27 6 v093703_ex10-27.htm

Exhibit 10.27
Entrust Agreement
(English Translation)


Party A: Oriental Intra-Asia Entertainment (China) Limited,
Party B: Beijing Tiandi Zuobiao Technology Co., Ltd.
Party C: PKU Chinafront Technology Co., Ltd.

In consideration of the equality and mutual benefit and of friendly 
consultation, and in connection with Party A entrusting Party B to hold 
66.67% of the shares of Party C, each party hereby agrees as follows:

I.   	
Purpose of Agreement

In connection with Party A’s plan to invest 40 million RMB to Party C 
(amounting to 66.67% of Party C’s total registered assets of 60 million 
RMB), Party A herein entrusts Party B with the authority to handle 
administrative procedures in connection with the investment in Party C and 
authorizes Party B to act as its nominee shareholder to its investment to 
Party C (hereafter “representative shares”).

II.   	
Trust Responsibility

Party B’s trust responsibility to Party A include: Party B shall register 
its own name with Party C as the shareholder of the representative shares 
and shall participate in relevant actions as a shareholder. Party B shall 
receive bonus or dividends on behalf of Party A, participate and vote in 
shareholders’ meetings, and exercise other rights on behalf of Party A 
bestowed to shareholders by China Corporate Law and Party C’s Articles of 
Association.

III.   	
Rights and Obligations of Party A

 1.  As the real contributor to the above-mentioned investment, Party A
 enjoys actual shareholder rights and gets corresponding income on
 investment. Party B only contributes Party A’s investment in Party B’s
 name to Party C and holds on behalf of Party A the shareholder’s rights
 derived from such investment. Party B does not get any income on the
 investment and has no authority to dispose such shares (including but not
 limited to transfer or collateral of shareholder’s equity).

 2.  In the period of the shareholding trust, Party A is responsible for
 all the derivative fees and tax in connection with shareholding trust
 (including but not limited to attorney fees, auditing fees, and capital
 evaluation expenses for the investment project in connection with the
 shareholding trust). Party A is also responsible for the transfer fees
 when Party B transfers the shares to Party A.

 3.  As trustor, Party A has obligations to make timely investment in
 Chinese currency in accordance with Party C’s Certificate of
 Incorporation, this Agreement and relevant rules of China Corporate Law.
 It shall also bear all the investment risks in connection with its amount
 of investment. Party A shall bear all the losses caused by delayed
 investment (including actual damages suffered by Party B).

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 4.  Based on this Agreement, as beneficial owner of the entrusted shares,
 Party A is entitled to supervise and correct any inappropriate actions by
 Party B. It is also entitled to request Party B to cover actual damages
 caused by such actions.


IV.   	
Rights and Obligations of Party B

 1.  As trustee, Party B is entitled to participate in supervising Party
 C’s business management as a nominee shareholder. However, it shall not
 obtain any personal gain as a nominee shareholder.

 2.  Party B should not assign or otherwise transfer its nominee interest
 in Party C to any third party without Party A’s written consent.

 3.  As Party C’s nominee, Party B recognizes that its shareholder
 interests in Party C are restricted by this Agreement. Party B shall give
 notice to Party A of any stockholder vote of Party C and obtain voting
 instructions from Party A that govern the manner in which Party B shall
 vote its nominee interest in Party C. Without Party A’s written
 authorization, Party B shall not transfer, dispose, or pledge in any way
 the shares it holds, including all the derivative profits. It shall not
 take any actions that may impair Party A’s interest.

 4.  Party B promises to give to Party A any and all income on investment
 derived from the representative shares (including cash dividend, dividend
 and other income payment). It further promises that it shall deposit such
 income within 3 days after receiving to the bank account designated by
 Party A. Party B shall pay a penalty equal to the bank interest in the
 same period if it fails to deposit on time.

V.   	
Treatment of Confidential Information

Each party shall has the obligation to keep all commercial information 
about each other obtained during the execution of this Agreement strictly 
confidential, except any information which is or becomes publicly available 
based on clear evidence, or any information that is authorized to be 
disclosed by responsible parties. The confidentiality clause shall survive 
this Agreement. Any party shall compensate for losses suffered by the other 
two parties due to breach of this obligation.

VI.   	
Dispute Resolution

All disputes arising in connection with this Agreement shall be settled 
through friendly consultation among the Parties. Each party is entitled to 
bring any unsettled dispute to Beijing Arbitration Commission under its 
arbitration rules. Arbitration awards are final and are legally binding to 
all parties.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
VII.   	
Miscellaneous

 1.  This Agreement may be executed in three counterparts held by each
 party, each of which shall be deemed as equally binding.

 2.  This Agreement becomes effective on the date of signatures by each
 party.


Party A (Seal)
July 6, 2007
Party B (Seal)
July 6, 2007
Party C (Seal)
July 6, 2007
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

