 EX-10.4 11 v092868_ex10-4.htm
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
 
This Registration Rights Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered 
into as of September 4, 2007, by and between Conversion Services 
International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and TAG Virgin 
Islands, Inc., with an address at The Tunick Building, 1336 Beltjen Road, 
Suite 202, St. Thomas, USVI 00802 as agent for the purchasers listed on the 
Schedule of Purchasers appended hereto as Schedule I  (the “Purchasers”).
 
This Agreement is made pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as 
of the date hereof, by and between the Purchasers and the Company (as 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the “Purchase 
Agreement”).The Company and the Purchasers hereby agree as follows:
 
1.  Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein 
that are defined in the Purchase Agreement shall have the meanings given 
such terms in the Purchase Agreement. As used in this Agreement, the 
following terms shall have the following meanings:
 
"Commission" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
"Common Stock" means shares of the Company's common stock, par value $0.001 
per share.
 
“Effective Date” shall mean the date the Commission shall declare a 
Registration Statement effective.
 
"Effectiveness Period" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(a).
 
"Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any successor 
statute.
 
"Filing Date" means, (i) with respect to the initial Registration Statement 
required to be filed hereunder, a date no later than 120 days following the 
date hereof and (ii) with respect to shares of Common Stock issuable to the 
Holder as a result of adjustments to the Exercise Price made pursuant to 
the Warrants or otherwise, 30 days after the occurrence such event or the 
date of the adjustment of the Exercise Price, as the case may be.
 
 
"Holder" or "Holders" means the Purchaser or any of his affiliates or 
transferees to the extent any of them hold Registrable Securities.
 
"Indemnified Party" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).
 
"Indemnifying Party" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(c).
 
“Person” means an individual, partnership, limited liability company, 
corporation, joint stock company, trust, estate, joint venture, association 
or unincorporated organization, or any other form of business or 
professional entity,
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
"Proceeding" means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding 
(including, without limitation, an investigation or partial proceeding, 
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.
 
"Prospectus" means the prospectus included in the Registration Statement 
(including, without limitation, a prospectus that includes any information 
previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of an effective 
registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A promulgated under the 
Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any prospectus supplement, 
with respect to the terms of the offering of any portion of the Registrable 
Securities covered by the Registration Statement, and all other amendments 
and supplements to the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and 
all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by 
reference in such Prospectus.
 
"Purchase Agreement" shall have the meaning provided above.
 
"Registrable Securities" means the Shares and the shares of Common Stock 
issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants.
 
"Registration Statement" means each registration statement required to be 
filed hereunder, including the Prospectus, amendments and supplements to 
such registration statement or Prospectus, including pre- and 
post-effective amendments, all exhibits thereto, and all material 
incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such 
registration statement.
 
"Rule 144" means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the 
Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any 
similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having 
substantially the same effect as such Rule.
 
"Rule 415" means Rule 415 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the 
Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any 
similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having 
substantially the same effect as such Rule.
 
"Rule 424" means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the 
Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any 
similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having 
substantially the same effect as such Rule.
 
"Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933 and any successor 
statute.
 
“Shares” means the 1,140,000 shares of Common Stock purchased by the 
Purchasers pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement.
 
"Trading Market" means any of the NASD OTCBB, NASDAQ Capital Market, the 
Nasdaq National Market, the American Stock Exchange or the New York Stock 
Exchange.
 
“Warrants” means, collectively, each Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued 
by the Company to the Purchasers pursuant to the Purchase Agreement to the 
extent such Common Stock Purchase Warrant is exercisable into shares of 
Common Stock and such shares of Common Stock are not otherwise subject to 
an effective Registration Statement.
 
-2-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
2.  Registration.

    (a)     On or prior to the Filing Date the Company shall prepare and
    file with the Commission a Registration Statement covering the
    Registrable Securities for an offering to be made on a continuous basis
    pursuant to Rule 415. The Company shall cause the Registration
    Statement to become effective and remain effective as provided herein.
    The Company shall use its best efforts to cause the Registration
    Statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly
    as possible after the filing thereof. The Company shall use its best
    efforts to keep the Registration Statement continuously effective under
    the Securities Act until the date which is the earlier of when (i) all
    Registrable Securities have been sold or (ii) all Registrable
    Securities may be sold immediately without registration under the
    Securities Act and without volume restrictions pursuant to Rule 144(k),
    as determined by the counsel to the Company pursuant to a written
    opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the
    Company's transfer agent and the affected Holders (the "Effectiveness
    Period").
    (b)     Within three business days after the Effective Date of a
    Registration Statement, the Company shall cause its counsel to issue a
    blanket opinion in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, to its
    transfer agent stating that the Registrable Securities are subject to
    an effective registration statement and can be reissued free of
    restrictive legend upon notice of a sale by a Purchaser and
    confirmation by such Purchaser that he has complied with the prospectus
    delivery requirements, provided that the Company has not advised the
    transfer agent orally or in writing that the opinion has been
    withdrawn. Copies of the blanket opinion required by this Section 2(b) 
    shall be delivered to each Purchaser within the time period set forth
    above.
 
3.  Registration Procedures. If and whenever the Company is required by the 
provisions hereof to effect the registration of any Registrable Securities 
under the Securities Act, the Company will use its best efforts to within 
90 days after the date hereof:

    (a)     prepare and file with the Commission the Registration Statement
    with respect to such Registrable Securities, respond as promptly as
    possible to any comments received from the Commission, and use its best
    efforts to cause the Registration Statement to become and remain
    effective for the Effectiveness Period with respect thereto, and
    promptly provide to each Purchaser copies of all filings and Commission
    letters of comment relating thereto;
     
    (b)     prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and
    supplements to the Registration Statement and the Prospectus used in
    connection therewith as may be necessary to comply with the provisions
    of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all
    Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement and to
    keep such Registration Statement effective until the expiration of the
    Effectiveness Period;
     
    (c)     furnish to each Purchaser such number of copies of the
    Registration Statement and the Prospectus included therein (including
    each preliminary Prospectus) as such Purchaser reasonably may request
    to facilitate the public sale or disposition of the Registrable
    Securities covered by the Registration Statement;
     
-3-
------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (d)     use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify
    each Purchaser’s Registrable Securities covered by the Registration
    Statement under the securities or "blue sky" laws of such jurisdictions
    within the United States as such Purchaser may reasonably request; 
    provided, however, that the Company shall not for any such purpose be
    required to qualify generally to transact business as a foreign
    corporation in any jurisdiction where it is not so qualified or to
    consent to general service of process in any such jurisdiction;
     
    (e)     list the Registrable Securities covered by the Registration
    Statement with any securities exchange on which the Common Stock of the
    Company is then listed;
     
    (f)     immediately notify each Purchaser at any time when a Prospectus
    relating thereto is required to be delivered under the Securities Act,
    of the happening of any event of which the Company has knowledge as a
    result of which the Prospectus contained in such Registration
    Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a
    material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated
    therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in
    light of the circumstances then existing; and
     
    (g)     make available for inspection by each Purchaser and any
    attorney, accountant or other agent retained by such Purchaser, all
    publicly available, non-confidential financial and other records,
    pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company, and cause
    the Company's officers, directors and employees to supply all publicly
    available, non-confidential information reasonably requested by the
    attorney, accountant or agent of such Purchaser.

4.     Registration Expenses. All expenses relating to the Company's 
compliance with Sections 2 and 3 hereof, including, without limitation, all 
registration and filing fees, printing expenses, fees and disbursements of 
counsel and independent public accountants for the Company, fees and 
expenses (including reasonable counsel fees) incurred in connection with 
complying with state securities or "blue sky" laws, fees of the NASD, 
transfer taxes, fees of transfer agents and registrars, fees of, and 
disbursements incurred by, one counsel for the Holders (to the extent such 
counsel is required due to Company's failure to meet any of its obligations 
hereunder), are called "Registration Expenses." All selling commissions 
applicable to the sale of Registrable Securities, including any fees and 
disbursements of any special counsel to the Holders beyond those included 
in Registration Expenses, are called "Selling Expenses." The Company shall 
only be responsible for all Registration Expenses.
     
5.  Indemnification.

    (a)     In the event of a registration of any Registrable Securities
    under the Securities Act pursuant to this Agreement, the Company will
    indemnify and hold harmless each Purchaser, and his officers,
    directors, trustees and each other Person, if any, who controls such
    Purchaser within the meaning of the Securities Act, against any losses,
    claims, damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which such
    Purchaser, or such Persons may become subject under the Securities Act
    or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities
    (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any
    untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact
    contained in any Registration Statement under which such Registrable
    Securities were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to this
    Agreement, any preliminary Prospectus which has been printed and
    distributed (i.e. a “red herring Prospectus”) or final Prospectus
    related thereto, or any amendment or supplement thereof, or arise out
    of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein
    a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
    statements therein not misleading, and will reimburse such Purchaser,
    and each such Person for any reasonable legal or other expenses
    incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such
    loss, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the
    Company will not be liable in any such case if and to the extent that
    any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based
    upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or
    alleged omission so made in conformity with information furnished by or
    on behalf of such Purchaser or any such Person in writing specifically
    for use in any such document.
 
-4-
------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (b)     In the event of a registration of the Registrable Securities
    under the Securities Act pursuant to this Agreement, each Purchaser
    will indemnify and hold harmless the Company, and its officers,
    directors and each other Person, if any, who controls the Company
    within the meaning of the Securities Act, against all losses, claims,
    damages or liabilities, joint or several, to which the Company or such
    Persons may become subject under the Securities Act or otherwise,
    insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in
    respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or
    alleged untrue statement of any material fact which was furnished in
    writing by such Purchaser to the Company expressly for use in (and such
    information is contained in) the Registration Statement under which
    such Registrable Securities were registered under the Securities Act
    pursuant to this Agreement, any preliminary Prospectus or final
    Prospectus contained therein, or any amendment or supplement thereof,
    or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to
    state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or
    necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and will
    reimburse the Company and each such Person for any reasonable legal or
    other expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or
    defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action: provided, 
    however, that such Purchaser will be liable in any such case if and
    only to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability
    arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue
    statement or omission or alleged omission so made in conformity with
    information furnished in writing to the Company by or on behalf of such
    Purchaser specifically for use in any such document. Notwithstanding
    the provisions of this paragraph, no Purchaser shall be required to
    indemnify any Person or entity in excess of the amount of the aggregate
    net proceeds received by such Purchaser in respect of Registrable
    Securities in connection with any such registration under the
    Securities Act.

    (c)     Promptly after receipt by a party entitled to claim
    indemnification hereunder (an "Indemnified Party") of notice of the
    commencement of any action, such Indemnified Party shall, if a claim
    for indemnification in respect thereof is to be made against a party
    hereto obligated to indemnify such Indemnified Party (an "Indemnifying
    Party"), notify the Indemnifying Party in writing thereof, but the
    omission so to notify the Indemnifying Party shall not relieve it from
    any liability which it may have to such Indemnified Party other than
    under this Section 5(c) and shall only relieve it from any liability
    which it may have to such Indemnified Party under this Section 5(c) if
    and to the extent the Indemnifying Party is prejudiced by such
    omission. In case any such action shall be brought against any
    Indemnified Party and he/it shall notify the Indemnifying Party of the
    commencement thereof, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to
    participate in and, to the extent it shall wish, to assume and
    undertake the defense thereof with counsel satisfactory to such
    Indemnified Party, and, after notice from the Indemnifying Party to
    such Indemnified Party of its election so to assume and undertake the
    defense thereof, the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable to such
    Indemnified Party under this Section 5(c) for any legal expenses
    subsequently incurred by such Indemnified Party in connection with the
    defense thereof. If the Indemnified Party shall thereafter retain its
    own counsel, then the Indemnified Party shall pay all fees, costs and
    expenses of such counsel: provided, however, that, if the defendants in
    any such action include both the indemnified party and the Indemnifying
    Party and the Indemnified Party shall have reasonably concluded that
    there may be reasonable defenses available to such Indemnified Party
    which are different from or additional to those available to the
    Indemnifying Party or if the interests of the Indemnified Party
    reasonably may be deemed to conflict with the interests of the
    Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to
    select one separate counsel and to assume such legal defenses and
    otherwise to participate in the defense of such action, with the
    reasonable expenses and fees of such separate counsel and other
    expenses related to such participation to be reimbursed by the
    Indemnifying Party as incurred.
     
    (d)     In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in the
    event of joint liability under the Securities Act in any case in which
    either (i) a Purchaser, or any officer, director, controlling Person or
    other affiliate of such Purchaser, makes a claim for indemnification
    pursuant to this Section 5 but it is judicially determined (by the
    entry of a final judgment or decree by a court of competent
    jurisdiction and the expiration of time to appeal or the denial of the
    last right of appeal) that such indemnification may not be enforced in
    such case notwithstanding the fact that this Section 5 provides for
    indemnification in such case, or (ii) contribution under the Securities
    Act may be required on the part of such Purchaser or such officer,
    director, controlling Person or other affiliate of such Purchaser in
    circumstances for which indemnification is provided under this Section
    5; then, and in each such case, the Company and such Purchaser will
    contribute to the aggregate losses, claims, damages or liabilities to
    which they may be subject (after contribution from others) in such
    proportion so that such Purchaser is responsible only for the portion
    represented by the percentage that the public offering price of his
    securities offered by the Registration Statement bears to the public
    offering price of all securities offered by such Registration
    Statement; provided, however, that, in any such case, (A) such
    Purchaser will not be required to contribute any amount in excess of
    the public offering price of all such securities offered by him
    pursuant to such Registration Statement; and (B) no Person guilty of
    fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 10(f) of
    the Act) will be entitled to contribution from any Person who was not
    guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
     
-5-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
6.  Representations and Warranties. The Company represents and warrants to 
each Purchaser that:

    (a)     The Common Stock of the Company is registered pursuant to
    Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the Company has filed
    all proxy statements, reports, schedules, forms, statements and other
    documents required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the
    Exchange Act (the “SEC Documents”). The Company filed: (i) its Annual
    Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, (ii)
    its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its fiscal quarter ended June 30,
    2007, and (iii) the Form 8-K filings which it has made during the
    fiscal year 2006 and 2007 to date (collectively, the "SEC Reports").
    Each SEC Report was, at the time of its filing, in substantial
    compliance with the requirements of its respective form and none of the
    SEC Reports contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
    state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
    make the statements therein not misleading in light of the
    circumstances when made. To the best of the Company’s knowledge, the
    financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply
    as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting
    requirements and the published rules and regulations of the Commission
    or other applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto. Such
    financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally
    accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis
    during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated
    in such financial statements or the notes thereto or (ii) in the case
    of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may not include
    footnotes or may be condensed) and fairly present in all material
    respects the financial condition, the results of operations and the
    cash flows of the Company and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated
    basis, as of, and for, the periods presented in each such SEC Report.
    The Company is eligible to use a Registration Statement on Form S-3 to
    register the Registrable Securities.
     
    (b)     The Common Stock is listed for trading on the American Stock
    Exchange and currently satisfies all requirements for the continuation
    of such listing. The Company has not received any notice that its
    Common Stock will be delisted from the American Stock Exchange (except
    for prior notices which have been fully remedied).
     
    (c)     Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any Person
    acting on its or their behalf, has directly or indirectly made any
    offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any
    security under circumstances that would cause the offering of the
    Securities pursuant to the Purchase Agreement to be integrated with
    prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act which
    would prevent the Company from selling the Common Stock pursuant to
    Rule 506 under the Securities Act, or any applicable exchange-related
    stockholder approval provisions, nor will the Company or any of its
    affiliates or subsidiaries take any action or steps that would cause
    the offering of such Securities to be integrated with other offerings.
 
-6-
------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (d)     The Shares and the Warrants and the shares of Common Stock that
    each Purchaser may acquire pursuant to the exercise of the Warrants are
    all restricted securities under the Securities Act as of the date of
    this Agreement. The Company will not issue any stop transfer order or
    other order impeding the sale and delivery of any of the Registrable
    Securities at such time as such Registrable Securities are registered
    for public sale or an exemption from registration is available, except
    as required by federal or state securities laws.
    (e)     The Company understands the nature of the Registrable
    Securities issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and recognizes that
    the issuance of such Registrable Securities may have a potential
    dilutive effect. The Company specifically acknowledges that its
    obligation to issue the Registrable Securities is binding upon the
    Company and enforceable regardless of the dilution such issuance may
    have on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company.
    (f)     Except for agreements made in the ordinary course of business,
    there is no agreement that has not been filed with the Commission as an
    exhibit to a registration statement or to a form required to be filed
    by the Company under the Exchange Act, the breach of which could
    reasonably be expected to have a material and adverse effect on the
    Company and its subsidiaries, or would prohibit or otherwise interfere
    with the ability of the Company to enter into and perform any of its
    obligations under this Agreement in any material respect.
    (g)     The Company will at all times have authorized and reserved a
    sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the full exercise of
    the Warrants.
 
7.  Miscellaneous.

    (a)     Remedies. In the event of a breach by the Company or by a
    Holder, of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement,
    each Holder or the Company, as the case may be, in addition to being
    entitled to exercise all rights granted by law and under this
    Agreement, including recovery of damages, will be entitled to specific
    performance of its rights under this Agreement.
     
    (b)     No Piggyback on Registrations. Except as and to the extent
    specified in Schedule 7(b) hereto, neither the Company nor any of its
    security holders (other than the Holders in such capacity pursuant
    hereto) may include securities of the Company in any Registration
    Statement other than the Registrable Securities, and the Company shall
    not after the date hereof enter into any agreement providing any such
    right for inclusion of shares in the Registration Statement to any of
    its security holders. Except as and to the extent specified in 
    Schedule 7(b) hereto, the Company has not previously entered into any
    agreement granting any registration rights with respect to any of its
    securities to any Person that have not been fully satisfied.
     
    (c)     Compliance. Each Holder covenants and agrees that such Holder
    will comply with the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities
    Act as applicable to it in connection with sales of Registrable
    Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement.
     
-7-
------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (d)     Discontinued Disposition. Each Holder agrees by such Holder’s
    acquisition of such Registrable Securities that, upon receipt of a
    notice from the Company of the occurrence of a Discontinuation Event
    (as defined below), such Holder will forthwith discontinue disposition
    of such Registrable Securities under the applicable Registration
    Statement until such Holder's receipt of the copies of the supplemented
    Prospectus and/or amended Registration Statement or until such Holder
    is advised in writing (the "Advice") by the Company that the use of the
    applicable Prospectus may be resumed, and, in either case, has received
    copies of any additional or supplemental filings that are incorporated
    or deemed to be incorporated by reference in such Prospectus or
    Registration Statement. The Company may provide appropriate stop orders
    to enforce the provisions of this paragraph. For purposes of this 
    Section 7(d), a "Discontinuation Event" shall mean (i) when the
    Commission notifies the Company whether there will be a "review" of
    such Registration Statement and whenever the Commission comments in
    writing on such Registration Statement (the Company shall provide true
    and complete copies thereof and all written responses thereto to each
    of the Holders); (ii) any request by the Commission or any other
    federal or state governmental authority for amendments or supplements
    to such Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional
    information; (iii) the issuance by the Commission of any stop order
    suspending the effectiveness of such Registration Statement covering
    any or all of the Registrable Securities or the initiation of any
    Proceedings for that purpose; (iv) the receipt by the Company of any
    notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification or
    exemption from qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for
    sale in any jurisdiction, or the initiation or threatening of any
    Proceeding for such purpose; and/or (v) the occurrence of any event or
    passage of time that makes the financial statements included in such
    Registration Statement ineligible for inclusion therein or any
    statement made in such Registration Statement or Prospectus or any
    document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference
    untrue in any material respect or that requires any revisions to such
    Registration Statement, Prospectus or other documents so that, in the
    case of such Registration Statement or Prospectus, as the case may be,
    it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
    state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
    make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
    they were made, not misleading.
     
    (e)     Piggy-Back Registrations. If at any time during the
    Effectiveness Period there is not an effective Registration Statement
    covering all of the Registrable Securities and the Company shall
    determine to prepare and file with the Commission a registration
    statement relating to an offering for its own account or the account of
    others under the Securities Act of any of its equity securities, other
    than on Form S-4 or Form S-8 (each as promulgated under the Securities
    Act) or their then equivalents relating to equity securities to be
    issued solely in connection with any acquisition of any entity or
    business or equity securities issuable in connection with stock option
    or other employee benefit plans, then the Company shall send to each
    Holder written notice of such determination and, if within 15 days
    after receipt of such notice, any such Holder shall so request in
    writing, the Company shall include in such registration statement all
    or any part of such Registrable Securities such Holder requests to be
    registered to the extent the Company may do so without violating
    registration rights of others which exist as of the date of this
    Agreement, subject to customary underwriter cutbacks applicable to all
    holders of registration rights and subject to obtaining any required
    consent of any selling stockholder(s) to such inclusion under such
    registration statement.
 
-8-
------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (f)     Amendments and Waivers. The provisions of this Agreement,
    including the provisions of this sentence, may not be amended, modified
    or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the
    provisions hereof may not be given, unless the same shall be in writing
    and signed by the Company and the Holders of the then outstanding
    Registrable Securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a waiver or
    consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter
    that relates exclusively to the rights of certain Holders and that does
    not directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Holders may be
    given by Holders of at least a majority of the Registrable Securities
    to which such waiver or consent relates; provided, however, that the
    provisions of this sentence may not be amended, modified, or
    supplemented except in accordance with the provisions of the
    immediately preceding sentence.
     
    (g)     Notices. Any notice or request hereunder may be given to the
    Company or the Purchasers at the respective addresses set forth below
    or as may hereafter be specified in a notice designated as a change of
    address under this Section 7(g). Any notice or request hereunder shall
    be given by pre-paid registered or certified mail, return receipt
    requested, hand delivery, overnight mail, Federal Express or other
    national overnight next day carrier (collectively, "Courier") or
    telecopy (confirmed by mail). Notices and requests shall be, in the
    case of those by hand delivery, deemed to have been given when
    delivered to any party to whom it is addressed, in the case of those by
    mail or overnight mail, deemed to have been given three business days
    after the date when deposited in the mail or with the overnight mail
    carrier, in the case of a Courier, the next business day following
    timely delivery of the package with the Courier, and, in the case of a
    telecopy, when confirmed. The address for such notices and
    communications shall be as follows:

If to the Company:
Conversion Services International, Inc.
100 Eagle Rock Avenue
 
East Hanover, New Jersey 07936
 
Attention:  Chief Financial Officer
Facsimile:   973-581-7113
  	 
If to the Purchasers:
TAG Virgin Islands, Inc.
 
The Tunick Building
1336 Beltjen Road
Suite 202
St. Thomas, USVI 00802
Attn:  James Tagliaferri, President
  	 
With a copy to:
  	 
Barry Feiner, Esq.
170 Harrison Avenue
Harrison, New York 10528
 
 
If to any other Person who is
then the registered Holder:
To the address of such Holder as it appears
in the stock transfer books of the Company
     
-9-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  or such Person may designate such other address as in writing hereafter
  in accordance with this Section 7(g).

    (h)     Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the
    benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of
    each of the parties and shall inure to the benefit of each Holder. The
    Company may not assign its rights or obligations hereunder without the
    prior written consent of each Holder. Each Holder may assign his
    respective rights hereunder in the manner and to the Persons as
    permitted under the Purchase Agreement.
     
     
    (i)     Execution and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
    any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be
    deemed to be an original and, all of which taken together shall
    constitute one and the same Agreement. In the event that any signature
    is delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall create a
    valid binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf
    such signature is executed) the same with the same force and effect as
    if such facsimile signature were the original thereof.
     
    (j)     Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction,
    validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be
    governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal
    laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of
    conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all Proceedings
    concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the
    transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be commenced
    exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the County and
    State of New York. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the
    exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the
    County and State of New York for the adjudication of any dispute
    hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction
    contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives,
    and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that it is not
    personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such
    Proceeding is improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives
    personal service of process and consents to process being served in any
    such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
    mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at
    the address in effect for notices to him/it under this Agreement and
    agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service
    of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed
    to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted
    by law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest
    extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury
    in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or
    the transactions contemplated hereby. If either party shall commence a
    Proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Agreement, the Purchase
    Agreement or any ancillary agreement, then the prevailing party in such
    Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable
    attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the
    investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding.  
     
-10-
------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (k)     Cumulative Remedies. The remedies provided herein are
    cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.
     
    (l)     Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction
    of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
    invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms,
    provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in
    full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or
    invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their reasonable efforts
    to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or
    substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term,
    provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and
    declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have
    executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions
    without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid,
    illegal, void or unenforceable.
     
    (m)     Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of
    reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning
    hereof.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Registration Rights 
Agreement as of the date first written above.
 
CONVERSION SERVICES 
INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
TAG VIRGIN ISLANDS, INC.
as agent for the Purchasers  
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
By: 
  /s/ Scott Newman                             
By: 
  /s/ James Tagliaferri                             
Name:
   Scott Newman                                   
Name:
   James Tagliaferri                                 
Title:
   President                                            
Title:
   President                                              
 
-11-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
SCHEDULE I

SCHEDULE OF PURCHASERS
 
 
  	  	
Number of 
 Shares   
  	  	
Number of 
Warrants  
 
Name of Purchaser
  	  	  	  	  	 
Ardmore Blouses Inc Ret Pl
 
170,000
  	  	
170,000
 
Gary Krakauer & Heide Krakauer
  	
100,000
  	  	
100,000
 
Joanne Wolff
  	
120,000
  	  	
120,000
 
Judith Trop
  	
100,000
  	  	
100,000
 
Stanley A. Star
  	
480,000
  	  	
480,000
 
Stephen B. Star
  	
170,000
  	  	
170,000
 
Total
  	
1,140,000
  	  	
1,140,000
 
 
-12-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT A
 
[date]

[Transfer Agent]
[Address]
 
  	
    Conversion Services International, Inc. Registration
                 Statement on Form S-1                                      
                     
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
As counsel to Conversion Services International, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the “Company”), we have been requested to render our opinion 
to you in connection with the resale by the individuals or entitles listed 
on Schedule B attached hereto (the “Selling Stockholders”), of an aggregate 
of [amount] shares (the “Shares”) of the Company’s Common Stock.
 
A Registration Statement on Form S-1 or S-3 under the Securities Act of 
1933(the “Act”), with respect to the resale of the Shares was declared 
effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on [date]. Enclosed is 
the Prospectus dated [date]. We understand that the Shares are to be 
offered and sold in the manner described in the Prospectus.
 
Based upon the foregoing, upon request by the Selling Stockholders at any 
time while the registration statement remains effective, it is our opinion 
that the Shares have been registered for resale under the Act and new 
certificates evidencing the Shares upon their transfer or re-registration 
by the Selling Stockholders may be issued without restrictive legend. We 
will advise you if the registration statement is not available or effective 
at any point in the future.
 
                      Very truly yours,


                      [Company counsel]
 
 
-13-
------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       
                      Schedule 7(b)

Scott Newman
Glenn Peipert
Robert C. DeLeeuw
William McKnight
Investors represented by Taurus Advisory Group, LLC
Laurus Master Fund, Ltd.
Laidlaw, Ltd.
Certain employees of Evoke Software Corporation approximating 286,000 
shares

-14-
------------------------------------------------------------------------