 EX-10.4 20 v093602_ex10-4.htm
 
November 10, 2007
 
 
John J. Freeh
5997 Vera Cruz Road
Center Valley, PA 18034

 
Dear John:
 
On behalf of the Compensation Committee of HydroGen Corporation, I am very 
pleased to confirm the details of our offer to you for employment in the 
position of Chief Executive Officer of HydroGen, LLC (the “Company” or the 
“LLC”) . The terms of this offer are as follows:
 
As of your starting date, November 10, 2007, your employment at HydroGen 
will include the following:
 
Position
 
You will be employed in the position of Chief Executive Officer, reporting 
to the Board of Directors. You will also serve as Chief Executive Officer 
of HydroGen Corporation (“HydroGen”), but as an employee of the Company. 
Your assignment is on a full-time basis with the understanding that your 
occasional participation in other professional activities such as those 
related to board of director memberships or charitable organizations is 
permissible.
 
Compensation
 
• Annual base salary of $300,000, paid in bi-weekly installments, and 
prorated from your date of hire. Because this position is classified as 
Exempt, you will not be eligible for overtime pay. HydroGen’s Compensation 
Committee of the Board of Directors (the “Compensation Committee”) 
understands that additional compensation may be required should it become 
necessary to establish longer term accommodations in a different location 
than your current one. At such time, the Compensation Committee agrees to 
negotiate a mutually satisfactory arrangement, including the reimbursement 
for relocation expenses.
 
• Annual bonus targeted at 70% of base salary (“Annual Bonus”), the amount 
of which will be based upon the achievement of corporate and individual 
performance goals to be determined by the Compensation Committee. The 
Annual Bonus, if any, will be paid as soon as practicable after the end of 
each calendar year, provided employment has not been terminated prior to 
the end of the calendar year to which the Annual Bonus relates.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
We will re-evaluate your compensation arrangements from time to time in 
light of your performance and our business needs and may make modifications 
as we deem warranted. Any modification in compensation must be approved by 
the Compensation Committee.
 
Option Grant
 
• You will be granted the right and option (the “Option”) to purchase all 
or any part of an aggregate of 607,244 shares of the authorized but 
unissued shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 per share 
(“Common Stock”), which represents 4% of the fully-diluted issued and 
outstanding shares of the Company. The Option shall be governed by and 
become exercisable, subject to the terms and conditions of the Company’s 
Stock Option Plan and a Stock Option Agreement to be entered into between 
you and the Company, as follows: one-third shall become exercisable one 
year after the date of grant,, one-third shall become exercisable two-years 
from the date of grant and the remaining one-third shall become exercisable 
three-years from the date of grant. The exercise price of the Option shall 
be the closing price of the Common Stock on your start date or, if not a 
business day, the closing price of the Common Stock on the next business 
day.
 
Benefits and perquisites
 
• You will be eligible on your date of hire for the Company's benefits 
program in accordance with our Company policies as contained in the 
enclosed Employee Handbook.
 
• Notwithstanding the Employee Handbook, you shall be entitled to 
twenty-five (25) days of vacation for each calendar year, accrued monthly 
at the rate of 2.083 days. Your vacation benefits shall otherwise be in 
accordance with the Employee Handbook.
 
• You also may be eligible as of the first day of the month following your 
start date for HydroGen's package of medical and dental coverage for which 
we pay a portion of the cost. A summary of these benefits is contained in 
the attached Benefits Summary.
 
• You also may be eligible as of the first day of the month following 
thirty days after your start date for long-term disability and life 
insurance up to $150,000. A summary of these benefits is also contained in 
the attached Benefits Summary.
 
Your eligibility for benefits is subject to the terms and conditions in the 
applicable policy or plan. Nothing in this letter should be construed as a 
guarantee of any particular level of benefits or of your participation in 
any benefit plan. The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate all 
benefits and compensation plans in effect from time to time.
 
• You will be provided with a dedicated administrative assistant as 
necessary to facilitate your duties as Chief Executive Officer.
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Nomination to the Board of Directors
 
To the extent consistent with the Nominating Committee of the Board of 
Director’s fiduciary responsibilities and its by-laws, the Nominating 
Committee will nominate you for election by the shareholders of HydroGen as 
a director so long as you continue to serve as Chief Executive Officer of 
HydroGen.
 
“At-will” Employment
 
If you accept our offer of employment, your employment will be “at-will.” 
As an “at-will” employee, you can terminate your employment at any time, 
for any reason, with or without prior notice, and the Company has the same 
right. Please understand also that neither this offer, nor the maintenance 
of any personnel policies, procedures and benefits, constitutes a contract 
of employment or guarantee of specific benefits.
 
Termination
 
The following definitions shall apply:
 
“Cause” shall mean (i) the breach of any fiduciary duty owed to the 
Company; (ii) a conviction of or a no contest plea to a felony offense or 
possession of illegal narcotics; (iii) habitual drunkenness or use of 
illegal drugs; (iv) your total disability for more than 6 months; and/or 
(v) illegal conduct or gross misconduct, in either case that is willful and 
results in material and demonstrable damage to the business or reputation 
of the Company.
 
“Change of Control” shall mean the occurrence of any of the following 
events:
 
any reorganization, consolidation or merger of HydroGen, LLC (the “LLC”) or 
other similar transaction that results in at least 50% of the combined 
voting power of the outstanding securities of the continuing, surviving or 
other entity not directly or indirectly owned by holders of at least 50% of 
the combined voting power of the LLC’s securities outstanding immediately 
prior to such reorganization, consolidation, merger or other similar 
transaction; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (i) a 
Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred if such Change of 
Control results from a transaction solely among HydroGen, the LLC, or any 
other wholly-owned subsidiary of HydroGen;
 
any reorganization, consolidation or merger of HydroGen or other similar 
transaction that results in at least 50% of the combined voting power of 
the outstanding securities of the continuing, surviving or other entity is 
not directly or indirectly owned by holders of at least 50% of the combined 
voting power of HydroGen's securities outstanding immediately prior to such 
reorganization, consolidation, merger or other similar transaction;
 
any sale, lease, exchange or transfer (in one transaction or in a series of 
related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of the LLC;
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
       approval by the Member or Members of the LLC of any plan or proposal
       for the liquidation or dissolution of the LLC, unless such plan or
       proposal is abandoned within 60 days following such approval;
 
       any “Person” (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of
       the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) shall
       become the beneficial owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3
       promulgated under the Exchange Act) of securities of HydroGen
       representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of
       HydroGen's then outstanding securities having the right to vote in
       the election of directors; or
 
       any “Person” (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of
       the Exchange Act), other than HydroGen, shall become the beneficial
       owner (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the
       Exchange Act) of securities of the LLC representing more than 50% of
       the combined voting power of the LLC’s then outstanding securities.
 
    “Good Reason” shall mean (i) the assignment of any duties inconsistent
    in any material respect with the services typical of a Chief Executive
    Officer; (ii) any other action by the Company that results in a
    material diminution in your position or authority, duty, title,
    responsibilities, or reporting requirements; (iii) any reduction in
    your annual salary; and (iv) any material failure by the Company to pay
    any compensation due to you within 30 days after such compensation is
    due unless otherwise stated. Before you may terminate for Good Reason,
    you must give the Company written notice of any condition given rise to
    the reason constituting “Good Reason” as described in (i) through (iii)
    in the preceding sentence and allow the Company 30 days to cure any
    such condition so noticed.
 
Payments Following Termination of Employment.
 
    All Terminations. Regardless of the reason for termination of
    employment and regardless of whether termination is by the Company or
    you, the Company shall pay you: (i) the full amount of any accrued but
    unpaid salary as of the date of termination; (ii) any accrued but
    unpaid Annual Bonus respecting any completed calendar year ending prior
    to the date of termination; and (iii) any accrued but unreimbursed
    travel expenses.
 
Termination by the Company without Cause or by You for Good Reason. If the 
Company terminates you without Cause (but not due to your death) or if you 
terminate your employment with Good Reason, the Company shall pay you (in 
addition to the amounts described above under “All Terminations”): (i) one 
(1) year of annual salary to be paid over time as if your employment had 
not been terminated; and (ii) a pro-rated Annual Bonus for the calendar 
year in which the employment is terminated calculated by assuming full 
achievement of all of your personal goals and by determining the Company’s 
actual achievement of its goals and multiplying the amount of the Annual 
Bonus you would have received based on this formula by a fraction, the 
numerator of which is the number of days in the calendar year through the 
date of termination and the denominator of which is 365, to be paid on the 
date during the following calendar year on which the Annual Bonus payment 
would otherwise have been made. In addition, the Company shall pay the 
percentage of the premium it would have paid had you remained employed, for 
the continuation of your health and dental insurance coverage under COBRA, 
subject to your election of and eligibility for coverage under COBRA's 
terms and conditions, for a period of one year from the date of 
termination.  
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Termination on a Change in Control. If within six (6) months prior 
(provided that there is evidence of discussions of a potential change of 
control within this six month period of time) to or within one (1) year 
following a Change of Control, your employment is terminated without Cause 
or for Good Reason: (i) the Company shall, in addition to any other 
payments of salary or lump sum salary due to you connection with your 
cessation of employment, provide you with a lump sum payment equal to 1.5 
times your then applicable annual base pay; (ii) the Company shall, in lieu 
of any Annual Bonus due in connection with your cessation of employment, 
pay you an amount representing the Annual Bonus for the year of termination 
based on full achievement of all personal targets, plus the actual 
achievement of Company targets, as well as pay any prior year's bonus that 
is earned and unpaid as of the date of termination; and (iii) 
notwithstanding any provision in any applicable stock incentive plan 
document or award agreement, each stock option, restricted stock or other 
equity or equity-based award granted by HydroGen, LLC (the “LLC”) or the 
Company, to the extent such award is outstanding and unvested as of the 
date of such Change in Control, shall automatically become fully vested as 
of such Change of Control and shall become exercisable by you in accordance 
with the terms of the agreement or agreements under which such options were 
granted.

For purposes of determining whether a termination is for Cause or Good 
Reason in the event of a Change of Control, the definitions of these terms 
in this offer letter shall apply, except that the word “material” shall be 
removed in each instance from the definition of Good Reason.

If, at the time the Change of Control occurs, Section 280G(b) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) is applicable to 
you, notwithstanding any other provision of this offer letter, if the 
aggregate present value of the “parachute payments” to you, determined 
under Section 280G(b) is at least three times the “base amount” determined 
under such Section 280G, then the compensation otherwise payable under this 
offer letter (and any other amount payable hereunder or any other 
agreement, plan, program, policy or obligation of the the LLC, HydroGen or 
any other affiliate thereof) shall be reduced so that the aggregate present 
value of the parachute payments to you determined under Section 280G, does 
not exceed 2.99 times the base amount. In no event, however, shall any 
benefit provided hereunder be reduced to the extent such benefit is 
specifically excluded by Section 280G(b) of the Code as a “parachute 
payment” or as an “excess parachute payment.” Any decisions regarding the 
requirement or implementation of such reductions shall be made by the tax 
counsel and accounting firm retained by the LLC at as of the date of this 
offer letter.

You shall receive the payments and vesting of unvested options described 
above under “Termination by the Company without Cause or by you for Good 
Reason” and “Termination on a Change of Control” if and only if (i) you 
execute, return to the Company during the time period specified by the 
Company (and do not revoke if a revocation period is included in the 
Company’s sole discretion) a termination agreement (“Termination 
Agreement”) satisfactory to the Company in its sole discretion, which shall 
include a general release of any and all claims against the Company or 
HydroGen and any other persons or entities designated by the Company 
(collectively "Releasees"), and, in the Company’s sole discretion, 
provisions requiring you not to disparage the Releasees, not to use or 
disclose information deemed confidential by the Company, to reasonably 
cooperate with the Company in transitioning business matters and handling 
claims and litigation; and (ii) you comply with all of the obligations set 
forth in the Confidential Information, Noncompetition and Invention 
Assignment Agreement and the Termination Agreement.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
In the event you are considered, for purposes of Section 409A of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) to be a Specified 
Employee (as hereinafter defined) as of the date your employment with the 
Company terminates, and you are entitled to receive payments by reason of 
such termination of employment, then to the extent any such payment is 
treated for purposes of
 
Code Section 409A as a payment of nonqualified deferred compensation, such 
payment will be made as soon as practicable following the date that is six 
months after the date of your termination of employment to the extent a six 
month delay in payment is required to comply with Code Section 
409A(a)(2)(B)(i). For these purposes, the term “Specified Employee” shall 
mean any employee who is a “specified employee” as that term is defined in 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(i).
 
Our offer of employment is contingent upon:
 
• The Company’s success in verifying the credentials and other information 
on your Resume provided to us and your providing proof of U.S. citizenship 
or eligibility to work in the United States, as required under the 
Immigration Reform & Control Act. Enclosed are several forms for you to 
complete and bring with you on your first day of employment. Please bring 
with you two forms of identification, as indicated on the back of the I-9 
form.
 
• The Company completing a successful screening check on your criminal 
record and employment credit report.
 
• You must sign the enclosed Confidential Information, Noncompetition and 
Invention Assignment Agreement without making any changes.
 
Please note that, as required of all new employees, you will be asked to 
complete a drug test on or about your first day of employment and that your 
continued employment with the Company will be conditioned upon such drug 
test not revealing the use of any illicit drug. Notwithstanding any 
provision of this offer letter to the contrary, any termination of you by 
the Company due to such drug test revealing the use of any illicit drug 
shall be a termination by the Company for Cause.
 

-
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

If you accept our offer under the terms set forth above, your first day of 
employment will be November 10, 2007.
 
 
Sincerely,
 
/s/ Joshua Tosteson
 
Joshua Tosteson
President
 
 
I accept this offer:
 
  	
/s/ John J. Freeh
  	
11/10/07
 
  	
Signature
  	
Start Date
 
  	  	  	  	 
 
    Encl:   W-4, I-9
   Benefits Summary
   Confidential Information, Noncompete Agreement and Invention Assignment
   Agreement
        
        
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------