 EX-10.48 2 exhbit1048_greenhospital.htm 
EXHIBIT10.48_CELL_BANKING_AGREEMENT_GREEN_HOSPITAL
Exhibit 10.48
 

 
MASTER CELL BANKING AND CRYOPRESERVATION AGREEMENT
 
THIS MASTER CELL BANKING AND CRYOPRESERVATIONAGREEMENT (“Agreement”), dated 
August 13, 2007 (“Effective Date”), is entered into by and between Cytori 
Therapeutics, Inc. and its Affiliates (including its wholly owned 
subsidiary [Cytori KK]), having a place of business at 3020 Callan Road, 
San Diego, CA 92121 (“Cytori”), and Green Hospital Supply, Inc., having a 
place of business at 3-20-8 Kasuga Suita-City, Osaka 565-0853, Japan 
(“GHS”).  Cytori and GHS are referred to jointly as “Parties” and 
individually as a “Party.”
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, CYTORI has developed a proprietary, state-of-the-art system for 
adipose-derived stem and regenerative cell (“ADRC”) harvesting, processing, 
cryopreservation, storage, and retrieval banking that is useful in hospital 
settings (“Banking” or “the Field”), and Cytori has acquired and possesses 
certain intellectual property rights pertaining to stem and regenerative 
cell technology, including devices, products and services used in 
connection with ADRCs;
 
WHEREAS, GHS wishes to establish ADRC Banking facilities (“CB Facilities”) 
for the acquisition, storage and retrieval of ADRCs exclusively using 
Cytori’s technology, including the CelutionTM device and related products 
and disposables in the country of Japan (“the Territory”);
 
WHEREAS, the Parties agree that the CB Facilities will be dedicated solely 
to Banking, and the CB Facilities shall not engage in any form of ADRC cell 
culturing, cell proliferation or manipulation for specific therapeutic uses 
or clinical applications (“Therapeutic Services”), nor will GHS offer or 
engage in any Therapeutic Services involving ADRCs;
 
WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Cytori 
desires to provide to GHS certain Cytori devices, proprietary technology, 
products and training necessary for the establishment and operation of CB 
Facilities, and to grant to GHS an exclusive license to use such devices, 
proprietary technology, products and training solely for the purposes of 
Banking in the Territory, as expressly permitted in this Agreement;
 
WHEREAS, GHS shall exclusively purchase from Cytori all such Cytori 
devices, proprietary technology, products and training as described below 
for the purpose of Banking in the Territory, subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth herein;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
 
1.  GHS PURCHASE:  GHS shall purchase all CelutionTM devices, consumables,  
        ***      (collectively, “Device(s)”) directly from Cytori.  GHS may 
purchase products (including, without limitation,                           
                                                          ***            
and all other non-Device products that may be included with Packages; 
collectively, “Product(s)”) from Cytori only in the form of Packages (as 
described below).  Cytori will provide to GHS certain initial training 
services and other services (as described in Section 2) with respect to 
Cytori’s proprietary methods and know-how in connection with this Agreement 
(“Service(s)”).  The Devices, Products and Services are more particularly 
described in Exhibit A (attached hereto and incorporated herein), and in 
the context of an initial CB Facility set-up, may be collectively referred 
to herein as a “Package(s).”  The Devices, Products and/or Services may be 
modified from time to time by written mutual agreement of the Parties; 
provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, Cytori shall be 
entitled to substitute “next generation” Devices (including, without 
limitation, the Celution Device, Device consumables and Device 
disposables), so long as Cytori continues to supply Device consumables and 
Device disposables that were purchased by GHS with the previous generation 
Devices sold herein, for a period of no less than   ***  from the date of 
Cytori’s last sale to GHS of the previous generation Devices.
 

_________________________
***Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential 
treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
During the Term, GHS shall not purchase any Devices and/or Packages, or any 
similar or substantially equivalent versions thereof, from any other party, 
unless specifically agreed to in writing by Cytori.  GHS will be 
responsible for purchasing all Products (as specified on Exhibit A) from 
third parties, and for supplying such Products for all CB Facilities, on an 
as-needed basis, after the initial Package has been acquired from Cytori 
and delivered for the establishment of a new CB Facility.  If any term or 
condition of this Agreement conflicts with any Exhibit, this Agreement 
shall govern.

2.  CYTORI SUPPLY:  Cytori will supply all Packages, Devices and Services 
to GHS in accordance with this Agreement.  The Services shall include 
training of GHS personnel with respect to installation, set-up and 
operations of, Device maintenance, technical support and provision of 
related databases.  CB Facilities will purchase Packages, Devices, Products 
and Services directly from GHS (unless otherwise mutually agreed by the 
Parties in writing.).  Cytori shall work closely and diligently with GHS to 
provide all necessary assistance and training of GHS personnel in 
establishing the five (5) initial CB Facilities, including (a) reasonable 
transfer of Cytori know-how, policies and procedures, and (b) advice, 
assistance and model documents relating to the establishment of cGTP and 
other relevant operating and servicing procedures.  Additional initial 
training and assistance for GHS personnel will be provided by Cytori, if 
reasonably necessary, with the Parties’ agreement and understanding that 
GHS will diligently endeavor to become fully self sufficient with respect 
to such matters as early as possible.  After the initial training period, 
Cytori will provide further training of GHS personnel from time to time, as 
required in connection with any next generation Devices that are offered by 
Cytori in connection with this Agreement.  For any further assistance 
(whether with regard to such Packages, or with regard to Devices), Cytori 
will estimate the cost of such assistance, and GHS will have the option of 
either reimbursing Cytori for such costs or declining such assistance.
 
3.  ADDITIONAL OBLIGATIONS OF GHS:  GHS will offer and sell Packages, 
Devices and/or Products to CB Facilities only for the purpose of conducting 
Banking, and shall expressly prohibit the CB Facilities from using (and 
from promoting or permitting use of) Packages, Devices and/or Products for 
any other purpose (including, but not limited to, Therapeutic Services).  
GHS understands and agrees that the Devices are labeled and intended 
specifically for Banking purposes only, and that use of the Devices for any 
other purpose(s) may cause injury or death (for example, if used for 
applications outside such specified indications).  Therefore, GHS shall 
not, directly or indirectly, encourage or knowingly support in any way the 
sale or use of Packages or Devices for applications outside of those 
indications for which they are labeled and intended by Cytori or any other 
manufacturer (if applicable).  GHS will be solely responsible for providing 
Packages, Devices and Products to CB Facilities, and (after the completion 
of the initial training of GHS personnel by Cytori) for providing all 
related services and support to such CB Facilities in connection therewith. 
 GHS may request that Cytori provide assistance and support directly to a 
CB Facility, but Cytori shall be under no obligation to do so; however, if 
Cytori agrees to provide such assistance and support to a CB Facility, GHS 
and Cytori shall agree upon reasonable financial terms for the provision of 
such assistance and support.  GHS shall be solely responsible for 
advertising, promoting, marketing, distributing and selling to CB 
Facilities the Packages, Devices and Products in the Field in the 
Territory.
 
4.  GHS DILIGENCE:  GHS shall purchase an annual minimum number of Packages 
each calendar year, as set forth in Exhibit B, which is attached hereto and 
incorporated herein (“Minimum Purchase”).  In addition, GHS shall actively 
promote, market and sell Packages, Devices and Products to CB Facilities 
during the Term.  If GHS fails to meet the Minimum Purchase amount in any 
given year, Cytori may have the right to terminate this Agreement in its 
sole discretion.
 
5.  LICENSE:  Cytori hereby grants to GHS an exclusive license to 
intellectual property of Cytori (for example, patents, patent applications, 
trade secrets, trademarks, technologies, and know-how) necessary or useful 
for GHS’s use, distribution, promotion, marketing, sales, offers for sale 
and importation of the Devices and Products in the Field in the Territory.  
This exclusive license shall include (without limitation) Cytori’s patent 
application in the Territory corresponding to Patent Cooperation Treaty 
Application No. PCT/US2002/29207 entitled “Preservation of Non Embryonic 
Cells from Non Hematopoietic Tissues,” as well as trade secrets, 
technologies and know how related to cryopreservation and/or storage of 
stem and regenerative cells derived from adipose tissue.  All intellectual 
property included within this license grant to GHS shall be termed 
collectively “Cytori IP.”  GHS may grant sublicenses under the license 
granted by
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Cytori hereunder; provided that any such sublicensees of GHS may not grant 
further sublicenses unless such further sublicenses are approved in writing 
by Cytori; and further provided that all sublicensees shall acquire all 
Devices and Products used in connection with the CB Facilities from GHS.  
Cytori shall be provided a copy of each sublicense entered into by GHS with 
each of its CB Facilities in the Field, and such sublicenses shall be 
subject to all of the rights of Cytori in this Agreement regarding the 
Devices, the Packages and the Cytori Material, including, but not limited 
to, the terms of Section 25.  In addition to any other remedies available 
to Cytori, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the 
contrary, GHS and each of its sublicensees shall be jointly and severally 
liable to pay Cytori a liquidated damages fee of   ***   for each instance 
of usage of the Devices for any purpose outside of the Field.  GHS shall 
immediately inform Cytori of any use by GHS or any CB Facility of the 
Devices for a purpose outside of the Field.
 
6.  FORECASTS:  GHS will provide a 12-month rolling forecast of GHS’ annual 
Package, Device and Service requirements, as applicable (each, a 
"Forecast").  The first six (6) months of each such Forecast will 
constitute an expected order of GHS for the quantities of Packages, Devices 
and Services specified therein (“Expected Orders”); the following six (6) 
months of each such Forecast will be a good faith estimate, which will not 
be binding on GHS except to the extent expressly specified in such 
Forecast. The Forecasts shall specify anticipated purchases for each month, 
and shall be updated quarterly on the first week of January, April, July 
and October of each year. If Cytori cannot meet the Expected Orders, it 
will notify GHS within ten (10) business days of receipt of such Expected 
Orders.
 
7.  ORDERS:  GHS shall order Packages, Devices and Services using written 
purchase orders (“Binding Purchase Orders”) which shall be contractually 
binding on GHS for the Packages, Devices and Services specified therein.  
GHS shall provide its Binding Purchase Orders in the format and with the 
lead-time specified in Exhibit C.  The only function of GHS’ Binding 
Purchase Orders shall be to communicate the desired quantities of the 
Packages, Devices, and Services required by GHS, shipment instructions and 
shipping dates.  All other terms of the Binding Purchase Orders, and all 
terms of any acknowledgment form or invoice of Cytori, shall be void and of 
no effect, and the terms of this Agreement shall control over such forms, 
unless otherwise specifically agreed to in writing by both Parties.  Cytori 
will accept all Binding Purchase Orders that are from 100% to 125% of the 
Expected Orders.  If Cytori receives a Binding Purchase Order in excess of 
125% of the Expected Orders, Cytori will use commercially reasonable 
efforts to manufacture and deliver on time that amount exceeding 125% of 
the Expected Orders, but shall be under no obligation to deliver such 
excess amount.
 
8.  PRICES:  Unless the applicable Exhibits attached hereto provide 
otherwise, prices for the Packages, Devices and Services stated in an Order 
include all amounts payable by GHS.  The price for the Packages, Devices 
and Services may be adjusted by Cytori upon thirty (30) days written notice 
to GHS, but pricing will be adjusted no more than once per calendar year, 
and such increases shall not apply to pending Binding Purchase Orders in 
existence at the time of the notice of such price adjustment.  Device 
prices shall not increase more than    ***   per year.  Any price increase 
which is greater than *** shall require written approval of GHS, which 
shall not be unreasonably withheld in the event that Cytori reasonably 
demonstrates that its costs have significantly increased.  GHS shall pay to 
Cytori     ***               ***          for the Packages and Devices; 
provided that in no event shall the price paid to Cytori be less than       
                      ***                         .As of the Effective 
Date, Cytori’s non-binding, recommended sales price to the CB Facilities is 
                 ***              but GHS shall have sole discretion to 
determine the prices it charges to its customers.  Exhibit A sets forth 
minimum transfer pricing to GHS for all Devices, as well as recommended 
sales prices to the CB Facilities for each type of Device.
 
9.  PAYMENT/PAYMENT REPORTS:
9.1 Payment.  Cytori shall invoice GHS for each Package, Device or Service 
upon shipment or delivery.  Payment to Cytori shall be due within thirty 
(30) days after GHS’ inspection of Packages and Devices shipped, provided 
that such inspection must be completed within ten (10) days of GHS’ 
receipt. Payment of an invoice shall be deemed acceptance of the 
corresponding Package, Device or Service.  Payments by GHS to Cytori 
hereunder shall be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to 
a
 
_________________________
***Material has been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential 
treatment filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
bank account designated by Cytori in writing.  If GHS fails to pay any 
payment due under this Agreement on or before the date such payment is due, 
such late payment shall bear interest, to the extent permitted by 
applicable Law, at the average one-month London Inter-Bank Offering Rate 
(LIBOR) for the United States Dollar as reported from time to time in The 
Wall Street Journal, effective for the first date on which payment was 
delinquent and calculated on the number of days such payment is overdue.
 
9.2  Payment Reports.  GHS shall provide Cytori with monthly reports 
identifying the amounts owed to and received by GHS from each client 
hospital and/or CB Facility that corresponds to each Cytori Invoice 
described in Section 9.1 above, until such time as GHS has been paid in 
full the amounts that are due to GHS for the Packages, Devices or Services 
provided by GHS in relation to the Cytori Invoices.
 
10.  SHIPMENT:  Shipments of Packages and Devices shall comply with Order 
instructions and the relevant Exhibits attached hereto.  All shipments 
shall be FCA (Incoterms 2000) Cytori’s facility at San Diego, California, 
or as otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing.  GHS will select 
transportation modes and carriers.  GHS also will pay all related freight 
charges, insurance and all import duties and fees.  Cytori will provide all 
shipment information to GHS within 24 hours after a Package or Device is 
delivered to GHS’ carrier.  If any Package or Device will be shipped to GHS 
from the United States into the Territory, GHS (with the reasonable 
assistance of Cytori) shall be responsible for importation of such Package 
or Device into the Territory, at GHS’ sole expense, and shall be 
responsible for compliance with any applicable local Laws concerning such 
importation.
 
11.TRADEMARKS:  GHS will comply with Cytori’s instructions for use of 
Cytori trademarks (“Trademarks”) and disposal of any Packages and Devices 
bearing Trademarks.  Trademarks may only be used in connection with 
Packages and Devices in accordance with this Agreement during the Term, and 
may only be used in accordance with Cytori’s written instructions or upon 
Cytori’s written approval.  The Trademarks will be displayed in a prominent 
position.  GHS will not claim any rights to the Trademarks, and will not do 
anything to lessen the significance of Trademarks. GHS shall not use 
Cytori’s name or trademarks in any promotional activity or otherwise except 
as mutually agreed in writing by the Parties.  GHS will not adopt, use or 
register any marks, businesses or domain names confusingly similar to 
Trademarks.
 
12.  NON-ENGLISH VERSIONS OF LABELING:  GHS will be responsible for 
ensuring that Cytori’s labels, packaging and package inserts for Packages 
and Devices comply with all applicable Laws (including local Laws) and 
regulatory requirements for the Territory (including any necessary 
translations).  GHS shall provide reasonable assistance (for example, 
proofreading and advising) with respect to Cytori’s translation of any 
written materials concerning the Devices and/or Packages into Japanese (if 
Cytori determines in its sole discretion to do so).
 
13.  INSPECTION BY GHS:  On at least two (2) weeks prior written notice to 
Cytori, GHS may visit Cytori’s facilities where Devices are manufactured to 
inspect and audit Cytori’s processes and documentation and Cytori’s 
compliance with this Agreement.  Cytori will maintain quality assurance and 
quality controls with respect to Device manufacturing as appropriate.  
Cytori will comply with any applicable quality requirements relating to any 
Device that are agreed to by the Parties.
 
14.  INSPECTION BY CYTORI:  GHS (a) shall maintain for at least five (5) 
years its books, records, contracts and accounts relating to the marketing 
and sale of the Packages and Devices, including, without limitation, 
information concerning customer accounts, inventory levels, unit sales, 
training materials, prices, margins, competitor information, market trends 
and strategies, and related promotional activities (collectively, "GHS 
Information"), and (b) shall permit examination thereof by Cytori at 
reasonable times and upon reasonable notice (provided that in no event 
shall such notice be less than two (2) weeks prior written notice by 
Cytori).  GHS shall allow representatives of Cytori, at any reasonable 
time, to (c) examine GHS' place(s) of businesses and GHS' inventory of the 
Packages and Devices, and (d) audit all GHS Information connected with the 
Banking sales.  GHS shall provide Cytori with copies of any documents 
requested by Cytori as a result of such examination or audit.  In addition, 
GHS shall secure the right of Cytori to inspect and audit (upon reasonable 
advance notice) the facilities and records of each CB Facility established 
hereunder, to ensure that the set-up and operations of each such CB 
Facility meet the appropriate quality standards established by Cytori, and 
to inspect the labeling and condition of all inventory and Devices to 
ensure compliance with this Agreement.
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
15.  RECORDS:  Cytori will provide GHS with information and copies of 
relevant records concerning Packages and Devices that GHS may reasonably 
request to enable GHS to comply with all applicable federal, state, and 
municipal statutes, regulations, rules, and ordinances relating to GHS’ use 
of Packages and Devices.
 
16.  REGULATORY COMPLIANCE:  Cytori will reasonably cooperate with GHS in 
GHS’ efforts to meet regulatory requirements and applicable international 
standards in connection with the Packages and Devices. Each Party will 
comply with all applicable laws, regulations and ordinances (“Laws”) in 
performing its obligations under this Agreement.GHS shall be responsible 
for compliance with any applicable local Laws and Cytori shall provide any 
reasonably necessary assistance in this regard.  Cytori certifies that, as 
of the Effective Date, Cytori has not, and no Cytori employee, affiliate or 
agent has been, debarred or proposed to be debarred by any US agency 
(including, but not limited to, by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration 
("FDA") under 21 U.S.C. 335).
 
17. REGULATORY APPROVAL:  Cytori shall be responsible for obtaining 
regulatory approval of the Devices in the Field in the Territory as deemed 
necessary by Cytori.  Cytori shall also provide GHS with relevant 
information regarding the Packages and Devices that is reasonably necessary 
to enable GHS to make additional regulatory submissions for regulatory 
approval of the Packages and Devices (the “Cytori Regulatory Information”).
 
18.  WARRANTIES:  The sole warranty given by Cytori regarding any Package 
and Device shall be that written limited warranty provided in Exhibit D, if 
any, which shall accompany such Package or Device or which shall otherwise 
be designated in writing by Cytori as applicable to such Package or Device, 
as the same may be revised by Cytori from time to time.  GHS agrees to 
provide to its customers (including, without limitation, the CB Facilities) 
within the Territory a written warranty for each particular Package and 
Device on terms that are supplied by Cytori, if any, for such Package and 
Device.  In no event shall GHS’ warranty to such consumers be more 
favorable to consumers than Cytori’s limited warranty, if any, for such 
Packages and Devices.
 
    EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SO WARRANTED, CYTORI HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
    WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, STATUTORY AND IMPLIED, APPLICABLE TO THE PACKAGES
    AND/OR DEVICES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTY OF
    MERCHANTABILITY, DESIGN, AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE
    WRITTEN LIMITED WARRANTY, IF ANY, APPLICABLE TO ANY PARTICULAR PACKAGE
    OR DEVICE SHALL STATE THE FULL EXTENT OF CYTORI'S LIABILITY, WHETHER
    DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL, RESULTING FROM ANY BREACH
    OF SUCH WARRANTY.  CYTORI FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS, STATUTORY AND
    IMPLIED WARRANTIES APPLICABLE TO THE PACKAGES AND/OR DEVICES WHICH ARE
    NOT MANUFACTURED BY CYTORI, OR BY A LICENSEE OR SUBLICENSEE OF CYTORI. 
    THE ONLY WARRANTIES APPLICABLE TO PACKAGES AND/OR DEVICES NOT
    MANUFACTURED BY CYTORI OR BY A LICENSEE OR SUBLICENSEE OF CYTORI SHALL
    BE THE WARRANTIES, IF ANY, OF THE MANUFACTURERS OF THOSE ITEMS.
 
19.  NO OTHER WARRANTIES:  OTHER THAN AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN SECTION 
18, NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE GIVEN BY CYTORI WITH RESPECT TO 
PACKAGES OR DEVICES SOLD BY CYTORI AND PURCHASED BY GHS PURSUANT TO THIS 
AGREEMENT, OR THE PERFORMANCE OR NONPERFORMANCE OF THE PACKAGES AND 
DEVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
 
20.  INDEMNIFICATION:
 
    20.1  Cytori Indemnification:  Cytori will indemnify, defend and hold
    harmless GHS and its officers, directors and employees (the “GHS
    Indemnified Parties”) from any claim, liability, loss, damage, lien,
    judgment, expense and cost (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and
    other litigation expenses) with respect to all claims arising from: (a)
    any breach of Cytori’s warranties set forth in this Agreement; or (b)
    the negligence or willful misconduct of Cytori or Cytori Indemnified
    Parties in the handling, packaging, labeling, manufacture, inspection,
    packaging, storage and delivery of Packages and/or Devices to GHS’
    shipper.  Nothing in the foregoing shall
     
     
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
     
    obligate Cytori to indemnify GHS to the extent a third party claim is
    the result of a material breach by GHS of GHS’ obligations under this
    Agreement, or to the extent the claim is one for which GHS is obliged
    to indemnify Cytori hereunder.
 
    20.2  GHS Indemnification:  GHS will indemnify, defend and hold
    harmless Cytori and its officers, directors and employees (the “Cytori
    Indemnified Parties”) from any claim, liability, loss, damage, lien,
    judgment, expense and cost (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and
    other litigation expenses) with respect to all claims arising from: (a)
    the use of Packages, Devices or Products by GHS and its sublicensees
    and/or customers (including each CB Facility); (b) GHS’ or any CB
    Facility’s use of Devices and/or ADRCs for purposes other than the
    purposes permitted under this Agreement; (c) GHS’ failure to comply
    with applicable Laws in connection with Packages, Devices or Products
    (including, without limitation, import thereof); or (d) the negligence
    or willful misconduct of GHS or GHS Indemnified Parties in the
    handling, packaging, labeling, shipping, storing, marketing, sale or
    disposal of Packages, Devices and Products.  Nothing in the foregoing
    shall obligate GHS to indemnify Cytori to the extent a third party
    claim is the result of a material breach by Cytori of Cytori’s
    obligations under this Agreement, or to the extent the claim is one for
    which Cytori is obliged to indemnify GHS hereunder.
 
21.  INSURANCE:  GHS shall maintain liability insurance in an amount and 
for a time period which is reasonable and customary in the medical device 
industry for similarly situated companies of comparable size and activities 
at its place of business. Cytori shall maintain product liability insurance 
in an amount and for a time period which is reasonable and customary in the 
medical device industry for similarly situated companies of comparable size 
and activities for products and for activities at its place of business.
 
22.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:  NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER 
PARTY FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING 
FROM OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO PACKAGES, DEVICES, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, 
EITHER DURING THE TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT OR AFTER THE EXPIRATION OR 
TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.  THIS LIMITATION SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF 
ANY APPLICABLE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY.  THE FOREGOING NOTWITHSTANDING, 
NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL PRECLUDE A PARTY FROM TAKING WHATEVER 
COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE ACTIONS ARE NECESSARY TO PREVENT IRREPARABLE HARM 
TO ITS INTERESTS.
 
23.  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION:
 
23.1  During the Term, a recipient Party may receive information that the 
disclosing Party considers to be confidential and that is not generally 
known to the public (“Confidential Information”).  Confidential Information 
also includes the existence of this Agreement and its terms.  During and 
after the Term, a recipient Party will keep secret the Confidential 
Information of the disclosing Party, using such care as the recipient Party 
uses in maintaining the confidentiality of its own confidential 
information, but no less than a reasonable degree of care, and will use 
Confidential Information of the disclosing Party only as is necessary to 
perform its obligations under this Agreement.  Each recipient Party will 
assure that its employees, agents and contractors abide by these 
confidentiality obligations.  Upon written request or at the Term’s end, 
each recipient Party will, at the disclosing Party’s request, either 
destroy or return to the disclosing Party all tangible materials provided 
by the disclosing Party that are the disclosing Party’s Confidential 
Information.
 
23.2  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not 
include information that is: (a) is or becomes a part of the public domain 
through no act or omission of the recipient Party; (b) the recipient Party 
can demonstrate was in its rightful possession, without a restriction on 
use or disclosure, prior to receipt of the information from the disclosing 
Party; (c) the recipient Party can demonstrate was rightfully received from 
a third party without a restriction on use or disclosure; (d) the recipient 
Party can demonstrate by written evidence was independently developed by 
the recipient Party without access to or use of (directly or indirectly) 
Confidential Information of the disclosing Party; or (e) is required to be, 
and is, disclosed in response to a valid order from a judicial or 
administrative authority; provided, however, that the Receiving Party shall 
promptly notify the disclosing Party upon its receipt of such order, shall 
use commercially reasonable efforts to limit disclosure, and shall make 
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain confidential treatment or a 
protective order for the disclosure so ordered, and prior to such
 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 disclosure to permit the disclosing Party to oppose same by appropriate 
legal action. It is understood and agreed that, in the event of a breach by 
either party of the covenant to maintain the confidentiality of the 
Confidential Information that damages are an inadequate remedy. Any breach 
will cause disclosing party irreparable injury and damage and 
non-disclosing party therefore agrees that disclosing party is entitled to 
injunctive and equitable relief in addition to all other remedies available 
to it by law.
 
23.3  Any disclosure of confidential information by one Party to the other 
Party in connection with the Parties’ discussion, negotiation and 
anticipation of this Agreement shall be deemed to be “Confidential 
Information” of the disclosing Party, and shall be subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement.
 
24.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY:
 
24.1  Infringement Of Cytori Intellectual Property.  Cytori shall have the 
exclusive right to, and the sole discretion to, prosecute any third-party 
infringement of Cytori IP worldwide (including in the Territory).
 
24.2  Intellectual Property Ownership.
 
    24.2.1  “Cytori Material” shall include the Devices, the Packages, the
    Services, Cytori IP, Cytori Regulatory Information and Cytori’s
    Confidential Information.
 
    24.2.2  Cytori and GHS hereby agree that any discoveries, improvements,
    inventions, processes, techniques, know-how and data, whether or not
    patentable, made or conceived or reduced to practice or learned by GHS
    and/or any of GHS’s sublicensees or CB Facilities under this Agreement
    (“GHS-Related Party(ies)”), that modifies, incorporates, practices or
    utilizes the Cytori Materials (such discoveries, improvements,
    inventions, processes, techniques, know-how and data are collectively
    referred to as “GHS Inventions”) shall be jointly owned by the Parties
    in the Territory, and that all right, title and interest in and to such
    GHS Inventions shall be granted and assigned to Cytori, as the sole and
    exclusive owner thereof, throughout the rest of the world.
 
    24.2.3  GHS shall disclose in writing to Cytori all GHS Inventions,
    whether or not patentable, within thirty (30) days of identification or
    development (or within thirty (30) days of GHS’ written receipt of same
    from any GHS-Related Party, as the case may be).  Within ninety (90)
    days of GHS’ disclosure of a GHS Invention, Cytori may elect to take
    responsibility for preparation, filing and prosecution of patent
    applications in the Territory, at Cytori’s expense, that disclose or
    claim such GHS Invention; in countries outside the Territory, Cytori
    shall have the sole right to prepare, file and prosecute patent
    applications on such GHS Invention, in its sole discretion.  Should
    Cytori not elect to take responsibility for preparation, filing and
    prosecution of any such patent application(s) with respect to a given
    GHS Invention in the Territory, GHS shall have the right to do so, but
    only in the Territory, at its own expense, and for its own account. 
    GHS and the GHS-Related Parties shall cooperate to the extent
    reasonably necessary to aid in the preparation, filing and prosecution
    of any such patent applications by Cytori, and in the execution and
    filing by Cytori of any documents required to perfect the rights
    granted herein.
 
25. TERM; TERMINATION; SURVIVAL:  This Agreement will commence on the 
Effective Date and end on the date that is the tenth (10th) year 
anniversary of the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier as provided 
for herein (“Term”). The Term may be extended for additional five (5) year 
periods upon mutual agreement at the end of the initial Term.
 
25.1  Termination for Uncured Material Breach.  If a Party materially 
breaches this Agreement, the non-breaching Party may provide written notice 
of such material breach, and may immediately terminate this Agreement if 
such breach is not cured within forty-five (45) days after delivery of such 
written notice.  It is agreed and understood between the Parties that any 
use of the Devices by GHS or by any GHS-Related Party outside of the Field 
shall constitute a material breach of this Agreement, and that such 
material breach on behalf of a GHS-Related Party may only be cured by 
payment of the liquidated damages fee and/or (at Cytori’s election) the 
termination of such GHS-Related Party’s rights specified in Section 5.  
Repeated violations of the use limitations set forth herein by GHS and/or 
by any GHS Related Party(ies) may be deemed incurable by Cytori at any 
time.
 
25.2  Termination for Failure to Meet Minimum Purchase Requirements.  
Cytori may have the right to terminate this Agreement for GHS’ failure to 
meet its Minimum Purchase requirements pursuant to Section 4.
 
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
25.3  Termination for Insolvency.  This Agreement may be terminated at any 
time by a Party upon the filing or institution of bankruptcy, liquidation 
or receivership proceedings by or against the other Party; provided, 
however, that in the event of any involuntary bankruptcy or receivership 
proceeding, such right to terminate this Agreement shall only become 
effective if the proceeding is not dismissed within sixty (60) days after 
the filing thereof.
 
25.4  Survival.  Sections 18 (Warranties), 19 (No Other Warranties), 20 
(Indemnification), 22 (Limitation of Liability), 23 (Confidentiality) and 
24 (Intellectual Property), 25.4 (Survivial), 26 (Effects of Termination), 
28 (Governing Law; Venue; Jurisdiction), and 29  (Dispute Resolution)  
shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement
 
26.           EFFECTS OF TERMINATION.  Termination of this Agreement shall 
not extinguish debts and other obligations created or arising between the 
Parties by virtue of contracts or arrangements entered into hereunder 
before the effective date of termination of this Agreement (the 
"Termination Date").  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
upon the Termination Date:
 
26.1           GHS shall not be relieved of its obligation to (a) pay for 
Packages, Devices and Services received by GHS prior to the Termination 
Date, or (b) receive and pay for all Packages, Devices and Services covered 
by Binding Purchase Orders which have been accepted by Cytori prior to the 
Termination Date.  Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing, 
Cytori shall be obligated to complete all Packages, Devices and Services 
Binding Purchase Orders which were accepted by Cytori prior to the 
Termination Date; provided that Cytori may demand adequate assurance of 
payment or advance payment in such case; and in each such case, GHS shall 
be permitted to distribute such Packages and Devices, as well as any 
Packages and Devices in GHS' inventory, within the Territory, subject to 
Cytori’s repurchase rights set forth in Section 26.2 below.
 
26.2           GHS shall submit to Cytori within thirty (30) days after the 
Termination Date a list of all of the Packages and Devices owned by GHS 
which were purchased from Cytori as of the Termination Date; Cytori may, at 
its sole option and discretion, purchase any or all of such Packages and/or 
Devices from GHS upon written notice of its intention to do so, at prices 
to be agreed upon between the Parties, but in no event shall such prices be 
greater than the respective prices paid by GHS to Cytori for such Packages 
and/or Devices; after receipt of such Packages and/or Devices from GHS, 
Cytori will issue an appropriate credit to GHS' account.
 
26.3           GHS shall cease to use any Cytori Trademarks, Cytori 
Materials and any Confidential Information obtained from Cytori relating to 
or in connection with its continued business operations, and shall promptly 
transfer to Cytori any and all regulatory approvals, including any and all 
physical, written and descriptive matter (including all reproductions and 
copies thereof) containing Confidential Information as Cytori may specify.
 
26.4           In the event of a termination of this Agreement by Cytori 
under Section 25.1, GHS shall provide Cytori with all customer information 
and contractual agreements related to each of its Banking sublicensees and 
CB Facilities, and Cytori shall have the right, but not the obligation, to 
assume such contractual relationships in the Territory for the Field 
without any additional consideration to GHS.
 
27.  NOTICES:  Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be 
in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally, sent 
and confirmed by facsimile, or sent by reputable overnight courier, and 
addressed to the Party to be notified at such Party’s address or fax 
number, as set forth below or as subsequently modified by written notice in 
accordance with this Section 27.
 
28.  GOVERNING LAW; VENUE; JURISDICTION:  This Agreement, all acts and 
transactions pursuant hereto, and the rights and obligations of the Parties 
hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the 
laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to principles of 
conflicts of law.
 
29.  DISPUTE RESOLUTION:  Disputes arising between the Parties relating to 
the making or performance of this Agreement shall be resolved in the 
following order of preference:  (a) by good faith negotiation between 
executives of GHS and Cytori who have authority to fully and finally 
resolve the dispute; and then (b) by arbitration as set forth in Sections 
29.1 and 29.2.  All negotiations pursuant to this
 
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Section 29 shall be treated as Confidential Information in accordance with 
the provisions of Article 23 of this Agreement.
 
29.1  All disputes that are not resolved by good faith negotiations between 
executives of GHS and Cytori shall be finally settled under the Rules of 
Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (the “Rules”) by three 
arbitrators.  Judgment on the award rendered by the panel of arbitrators 
shall be binding upon the Parties and may be entered in any court having 
jurisdiction thereof.  GHS shall nominate one arbitrator and Cytori shall 
nominate one arbitrator.  The arbitrators so nominated by GHS and Cytori, 
respectively, shall jointly nominate the third arbitrator within fifteen 
(15) days following the confirmation of arbitrators nominated by GHS and 
Cytori.  If the arbitrators nominated by Cytori and GHS cannot agree on the 
third arbitrator, then such third arbitrator shall be selected as provided 
in the Rules.  The place of the arbitration and all hearings and meetings 
shall be in the State of Hawaii, unless the Parties to the arbitration 
otherwise agree.  In addition to the Rules and except as otherwise provided 
herein, the Parties agree that the arbitration shall be conducted according 
to the International Bar Association Rules on the Taking of Evidence in 
International Commercial Arbitration.  The arbitrators may order 
pre-hearing production or exchange of documentary evidence, and may require 
written submissions from the Parties hereto, but may not otherwise order 
pre-hearing depositions or discovery.  The arbitrators shall apply the laws 
of the State of New York; provided, however, that the Federal Arbitration 
Act shall govern.  The language of the arbitral proceedings (including oral 
and written submissions and presentations) shall be English.  The 
arbitrators shall not issue any award, grant any relief or take any action 
that is prohibited by or inconsistent with the provisions of this 
Agreement.
 
29.2  No arbitration pursuant to this Section 29 shall be commenced until 
the Party intending to request arbitration has first given thirty (30) days 
advance written notice of its intent to the other Party, and has offered to 
meet and confer with one or more responsible executives of such other 
Party, in an effort to resolve the dispute(s) described in detail in such 
written notice.  If one or more of such responsible executives agree, 
within thirty (30) days after receipt of such written notice, to meet and 
confer with the requesting Party, then no arbitration shall be commenced 
until the Parties have met and conferred in an effort to resolve the 
dispute(s) or until sixty (60) days have elapsed from the date such written 
notice has been given.
 
30.  ASSIGNMENT:  Neither this Agreement, nor any right or obligation 
hereunder, shall be assignable by a Party without the prior written consent 
of the other Party, and any purported assignment without such consent shall 
be void; provided, however, that either Party may, without such consent, 
assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder in 
connection with the transfer or sale of all or substantially all of its 
business or business unit to which this Agreement pertains, or in the event 
of its merger, consolidation, change in control or similar transaction.  No 
assignment shall relieve any Party of responsibility for the performance of 
any accrued obligation hereunder.
 
31.  FORCE MAJEURE EVENTS:  Neither GHS nor Cytori shall be considered in 
default or be liable to the other Party for any delay in performance or 
non-performance caused by circumstances beyond the reasonable control of 
such Party and not related to its fault or negligence, including but not 
limited to, acts of God, explosion, fire, flood, earthquake, war whether 
declared or not, accident, sabotage, transportation strike or interference, 
order or decrees of any court or action of governmental authority or 
shortages in or an inability to procure materials (each a “Force Majeure 
Event”); provided, however, that the affected Party use its diligent 
efforts to resume performance under this Agreement as quickly as possible.
 
32.  CREDITS FOR CERTAIN FORCE MAJEURE EVENTS EFFECTING CB FACILITIES: In 
the event GHS is unable to collect payments due from its client hospitals 
or CB Facilities for Packages, Products or Devices delivered by GHS due to 
a Force Majeure Event suffered by such hospital or CB Facility, and such 
disability continues for at least 60 days, then GHS shall immediately 
notify Cytori of its request for a credit under this section, which notice 
shall include a description of the Force Majeure Event, the amount billed 
by GHS, and the amount that remains unpaid to GHS. Upon receipt of such 
notice, Cytori shall credit 50% of the price paid to Cytori by GHS for the 
effected Packages, Products or Devices back to GHS (which amount shall not 
exceed 50% of the amount owed to GHS by such CB Facility for these items). 
Cytori shall subsequently be entitled to recover 50% of any payments in 
cash or other forms of consideration made to GHS from such hospital or CB 
Facility until such time as the amount credited to GHS by Cytori for such 
disability is paid in full. GHS shall use commercially reasonable efforts 
to collect
 
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
such amounts due from the hospitals or CB Facilities, and GHS shall not 
forgive such debts without Cytori’s written agreement unless Cytori has 
been repaid in full.
 
33.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENT; WAIVER:  This Agreement sets forth the 
entire agreement and understanding of the Parties relating to the subject 
matter herein and merges all prior discussions between them with regard to 
such subject matter, except for any confidentiality agreement between the 
Parties pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement.  No 
modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any 
rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by 
the Parties to this Agreement.  The failure by a Party to enforce any 
rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver by such 
Party.  Either Party may waive a breach without waiving any later 
performance.
 
34.  SEVERABILITY:  Should any provision of this Agreement be determined to 
be illegal or unenforceable, such determination shall not affect the 
remaining provisions of this Agreement.
 
35.  INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS:  The Parties are independent contractors and 
neither can make any commitments for the other.  The employees of a Party 
are not employees of the other Party.
 
36.  CONSTRUCTION:  This Agreement is the result of negotiations between, 
and has been reviewed by, the Parties hereto and their respective counsel, 
if any; accordingly, this Agreement shall be deemed to be the product of 
both of the Parties hereto, and no ambiguity shall be construed in favor of 
or against either one of the Parties hereto.
 
37.  COUNTERPARTS:  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts by 
original or facsimile signature, each of which shall be deemed an original 
and all of which together shall constitute one instrument.
 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed 
by their duly authorized representative as of the Effective Date.
 
 
CYTORI THERAPEUTICS, INC. 	GREEN HOSPITAL SUPPLY, INC.
/s/ Seijiro Shirahama   	/s/ Kunihisa Furukawa
By:  Seijiro Shirahama  	By:  Kunihisa Furukawa
Title:  Senior Vice President, Asia-Pacific  	Title:  President
   	 
Address:  	Address:
3020 Callan Road  	3-20-8 Kasuga Suita-City
San Diego, CA 92121  	Osaka 565-0853, Japan
Fax:  US 858-458-0994  	Fax:
  	 
 

10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

