 EX-10.2 3 a07-29286_1ex10d2.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
                This Employment Agreement (this “Agreement”) is entered 
into as of                      , 2007, by and between OpBiz, L.L.C. 
(“Employer”), and Mr. Scott Messinger (“Employee”).
 
    1.                                       Employment.  Employer hereby
    employs Employee, and Employee hereby accepts employment by the
    Employer, as Employer’s Chief Marketing Officer to perform such
    executive, managerial or administrative duties, commensurate with
    Employee’s position, as Employer may specify from time to time, during
    the Specified Term as defined in Section 2 including, upon the request
    of Employer, additionally performing such duties on behalf of
    Employer’s affiliate entity to be organized for the purpose of
    expanding the Planet Hollywood brand in the hotel/resort/casino
    industry, such affiliate company referred to in this Agreement as
    “PHW”.

    2.                                       Effective Date; Specified Term
    .  This Agreement shall be effective as of Employee’s commencement
    date.  Subject to earlier termination as provided herein, the term of
    the Employee’s employment hereunder shall commence on                  
       , 2007 (“Commencement Date”) and terminate on the third (3rd)
    anniversary thereof (the “Specified Term”).  If Employee remains
    employed by Employer following the Specified Term, any such employment
    shall be on an at-will basis, unless the parties agree in writing to
    extend the Specified Term.

    3.                                       Compensation.

        a.                                       Base Salary.  During the
        Specified Term, in consideration of the performance by Employee of
        Employee’s obligations hereunder to Employer and its parents,
        subsidiaries, affiliates, and joint ventures (collectively, the
        “Employer Group”), Employer shall pay Employee an annual base
        salary (the “Base Salary”) of $275,000 subject to annual review by
        the Employer.  The Base Salary shall be payable in accordance with
        the payroll practices of Employer as in effect from time to time.

        b.                                      Bonus Compensation.  
        Employee is eligible to participate in Employer’s bonus program as
        formulated from time to time by Employer in its sole discretion
        (“Employer Bonus Program”) primarily be based on achievement of
        Employer’s EBITDA goals and Employee’s performance.  The annual
        bonus for each year may be up to 40% of Employee’s Base Salary.  In
        addition to the foregoing, in order to compensate Employee for
        accrued but unpaid bonus at Employee’s prior place of employment,
        Employer will pay to Employee a one time signing bonus of $43,600
        (the “Signing Bonus”) paid on the Effective Date.  Notwithstanding
        anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event
        shall the aggregate of the Signing Bonus plus the annual bonus for
        2007 be less than $65,400.
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

         
        c.                                       Employee Benefit Programs
        .  During the Specified Term, Employee shall be entitled to
        participate in Employer’s employee benefit plans as are generally
        made available from time to time to Employer’s team members,
        subject to the terms and conditions of such plans, and subject to
        Employer’s right to amend, terminate or take other similar actions
        with respect to such plans.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
        Employer shall reimburse Employee for all COBRA expenses incurred
        by Employee for the period commencing on the first date of the
        Specified Term and ending on the first date that Employee becomes
        eligible to participate in said Employer’s employee benefit plans.
         
        d.                                      Business Expense
        Reimbursements.  Employer will pay or reimburse Employee for all
        reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including travel expenses,
        Employee incurs during the Specified Term in the course of
        performing Employee’s duties under this Agreement upon timely
        submission of appropriate documentation to Employer, as prescribed
        from time to time by Employer.
     
        e.                                       Options.  Subject to the
        prior approval of the Nevada Gaming Commission, the availability of
        an exemption from registration under applicable securities laws,
        and the approval of appropriate members of the Employer Group,
        Employee is eligible to receive options to purchase .2% (two tenths
        of one percent) (subject to dilution in the discretion of the
        Employer Group) of equity interest (non-voting) in MezzCo, LLC (or
        such other entity as determined by the Employer Group).  Employee’s
        options will vest in three (3) installments on the annual
        anniversary dates of the Specified Term as follows:  one-third
        (1/3) on the first (1st) anniversary date of the Specified Term;
        one-third (1/3) on the second (2nd) anniversary date of the
        Specified Term; and one-third (1/3) on the third (3rd) anniversary
        date of the Specified Term.  Exercise price shall be based on fair
        market value as determined by Employer at the time of issuance.
 
         
    4.                                       Extent of Services.  Employee
    agrees that the duties and services to be performed by Employee shall
    be performed exclusively for members of the Employer Group.  Employee
    further agrees to perform such duties in an efficient, trustworthy,
    lawful, and businesslike manner.  Employee agrees not to render to
    others any service of any kind whether or not for compensation, or to
    engage in any other business activity whether or not for compen­sation,
    that is similar to or conflicts with the performance of Employee’s
    duties under this Agreement, without the prior written approval of
    Employer.

    5.                                       Policies and Procedures.  In
    addition to the terms herein, Employee agrees to be bound by Employer’s
    policies and procedures including drug testing and background checks,
    as they may be established or amended by Employer in its sole
    discretion from time to time.  In the event the terms in this Agreement
    conflict with Employer’s policies and procedures, the terms herein
    shall take precedence.  Employer recognizes that it has a
    responsibility to

2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    see that its employees understand the adverse effects that problem
    gambling and underage gambling can have on individuals and the gaming
    industry as a whole.  Employee agrees to read, understand, and comply
    with Employer’s policy prohibiting underage gaming and supporting
    programs to treat compulsive gambling.

    6.                                       Licensing Requirements. 
    Employee acknowledges that Employer is engaged in a business that is or
    may be subject to and exists because of privileged licenses issued by
    governmental authorities in Nevada and other jurisdictions in which
    Employer or Employer Group is engaged or has applied or, during the
    Specified Term, may apply to engage in the gaming business.  If
    requested to do so by Employer or Employer Group, Employee shall apply
    for and obtain any license, qualification, clearance or the like that
    shall be requested or required of Employee by any regulatory authority
    having jurisdiction over Employer or Employer Group.

    7.                                       Failure to Satisfy Licensing
    Requirement.  If Employee fails to satisfy any licensing requirement
    referred to in Section 6 above, or if any governmental authority
    directs the Employer to terminate any relationship it may have with
    Employee, or if Employer shall determine, in Employer’s reasonable
    judgment, that Employee was, is or might be involved in, or is about to
    be involved in, any activity, relationship(s) or circumstance that
    could or does jeopardize the business of Employer or Employer’s Group,
    reputation or such licenses, or if any such license is threatened to
    be, or is, denied, curtailed, suspended or revoked, this Agreement may
    be terminated by Employer and the parties’ obligations and
    responsibilities shall be determined by the provisions of Section 11.

    8.                                       Restrictive Covenants.

        a.                                       Competition.  Employee
        acknowledges that, in the course of Employee’s responsibilities
        hereunder, Employee will form relationships and become acquainted
        with certain confidential and proprietary information as further
        described in Section 8(b).  Employee further acknowledges that such
        relationships and information are and will remain valuable to the
        Employer and Employer Group and that the restrictions on future
        employment, if any, are reasonably necessary in order for Employer
        and Employer Group to remain competitive in the gaming industry. 
        In recognition of their heightened need for protection from abuse
        of relationships formed or information garnered before and during
        the Specified Term of the Employee’s employment hereunder, Employee
        covenants and agrees for the six (6) month period immediately
        following termination of employment for any reason other than
        Termination for Cause pursuant to Section 11(a) (the “Restrictive
        Period”), not to directly or indirectly be employed by, provide
        consultation or other services to, engage or participate in,
        provide advice, information or assistance to, fund or invest in, or
        otherwise be connected or associated in any way or manner with, any
        firm, person, corporation or other entity which is either directly,
        indirectly or through an affiliated company or entity, engaged in
        gaming or proposes to engage in gaming in Clark County,

 

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


            Nevada.  The covenants under this Section 8(a) include but are
            not limited to Employee’s covenant not to:

            i.                                          Make known to any
            third party the names and addresses of any of the customers of
            Employer or any member of Employer Group, or any other
            information or data pertaining to those customers;

            ii.                                       Call on, solicit,
            induce to leave and/or take away, or attempt to call on,
            solicit, induce to leave and/or take away, any of the customers
            of Employer or any member of the Employer Group, either for
            Employee’s own account or for any third party;

            iii.                                    Call on, solicit and/or
            take away, any potential or prospective customer of Employer or
            any member of the Employer Group, on whom the Employee called
            or with whom Employee became acquainted during employment
            (either before or during the Specified Term), either for
            Employee’s own account or for any third party; and

            iv.                                   Approach or solicit any
            employee or independent contractor of Employer or any member of
            the Employer Group with a view towards enticing such person to
            leave the employ or service of Employer or any member of the
            Employer Group, or hire or contract with any employee or
            independent contractor of Employer or any member of the
            Employer Group, without the prior written consent of the
            Employer, such consent to be within Employer’s sole and
            absolute discre­tion.

        b.                                      Confidentiality.  Employee
        covenants and agrees that Employee shall not at any time during the
        Specified Term or thereafter, without Employer’s prior written
        consent, such consent to be within Employer’s sole and absolute
        discretion, disclose or make known to any person or entity outside
        of the Employer Group any Trade Secret (as defined below), or
        proprietary or other confidential information concerning Employer
        or any member of the Employer Group, including without limitation,
        Employer’s custom­ers and its casino, hotel, and marketing data
        practices, procedures, management policies or any other information
        regarding Employer or any member of the Employer Group, which is
        not already and generally known to the public through no wrongful
        act of Employee or any other party.  Employee covenants and agrees
        that Employee shall not at any time during the Specified Term, or
        thereafter, without the Employer’s prior written consent, utilize
        any such Trade Secrets, proprietary or confidential information in
        any way, including communications with or contact with any such
        customer other than in connection with employment hereunder.  For
        purposes of this Section 8, Trade Secrets is defined as data or
        information, including a formula, pattern, compilation, program,
        device, method, know-how, technique or process, that derives any
        economic value, present or potential, from not being

 
        4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


        generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper
        means by, other persons who may or could obtain any economic value
        from its disclosure or use.

        c.                                       Former Employer
        Information.  Employee will not intentionally, during the Specified
        Term, improperly use or disclose any proprietary information or
        Trade Secrets of any former employer or other person or entity and
        will not improperly bring onto the premises of the Employer any
        unpublished document or proprietary information belonging to any
        such employer, person or entity.

        d.                                      Third Party Information. 
        Employee acknowledges that Employer and other members of the
        Employer Group have received and in the future will receive from
        third parties their confidential or proprietary information subject
        to a duty to maintain the confidentiality of such information and
        to use it only for certain limited purposes.  Employee will hold
        all such confidential or proprietary information in the strictest
        confidence and will not disclose it to any person or entity or to
        use it except as necessary in carrying out Employee’s duties
        hereunder consistent with Employer’s (or such other member of the
        Employer Group’s) agreement with such third party.

        e.                                       Employer’s Property. 
        Employee hereby confirms that Trade Secrets, proprietary or
        confidential information and all information concerning customers
        who utilize the goods, services or facilities of any hotel and/or
        casino owned, operated or managed by Employer constitute Employer’s
        exclusive property.  Employee agrees that upon termination of
        employ­ment, Employee shall promptly return to the Employer all
        notes, notebooks, memo­randa, computer disks, and any other similar
        repositories of information containing or relating in any way to
        the Trade Secrets or proprietary or confidential information of
        each member of the Employer Group, including but not limited to,
        the documents referred to in Section 8(b).  Such repositories of
        information also include but are not limited to any so-called
        personal files or other personal data compilations in any form,
        which in any manner contain any Trade Secrets or proprietary or
        confidential information of Employer or any member of the Employer
        Group.

        f.                                         Notice to Employer. 
        Employee agrees to notify Employer immediately of any employers for
        whom Employee works or provides services (whether or not for
        remuneration to Employee or a third party) during the Specified
        Term or within the Restrictive Period.  Employee further agrees to
        promptly notify Employer, during Employee’s employment with
        Employer, of any contacts made by any gaming licensee that concern
        or relate to an offer of future employment (or consulting services)
        to Employee.

    9.                                       Representations.  Employee
    hereby represents, warrants and agrees with Employer that:

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

        a.                                       The covenants and
        agreements contained in Sections 4 and 8 above are reasonable,
        appropriate and suitable in their geographic scope, duration and
        content; the Employer’s agreement to employ the Employee and a
        portion of the compensation and consideration to be paid to
        Employee hereunder is separate and partial consideration for such
        covenants and agreements; the Employee shall not, directly or
        indirectly, raise any issue of the reasonableness, appropriateness
        and suitability of the geographic scope, duration or content of
        such covenants and agreements in any proceeding to enforce such
        covenants and agreements; and such covenants and agreements shall
        survive the termina­tion of this Agreement, in accordance with
        their terms;

        b.                                      The enforcement of any
        remedy under this Agreement will not prevent Employee from earning
        a livelihood, because Employee’s past work history and abilities
        are such that Employee can reasonably expect to find work in other
        geographic areas and lines of business;

        c.                                       The covenants and
        agreements stated in Sections 4, 6, 7, and 8 above are essential
        for the Employer’s reasonable protection;

        d.                                      Employer has reasonably
        relied on these covenants and agreements by Employee;

        e.                                       Employee has the full
        right to enter into this Agreement and by entering into and
        performance of this Agreement will not violate or conflict with any
        arrangements or agreements Employee may have or agreed to have with
        any other person or entity; and

        f.                                         Employee acknowledges
        and warrants to Employer the receipt and sufficiency of separate
        consideration for the assignment by Employer of Employer’s rights
        and Employee’s obligation under Section 8.

    Notwithstanding Section 21, Employee agrees that in the event of
    Employee’s breach or threatened breach of any covenants and agreements
    set forth in Sections 4 and 8 above, Employer may seek to enforce such
    covenants and agreements in court through any equitable remedy,
    including specific performance or injunction, without waiving any claim
    for damages.  In any such event, Employee waives any claim that the
    Employer has an adequate remedy at law or for the posting of a bond.

    10.                                 Termination for Death or Disability
    .  Employee’s employment hereunder shall terminate upon Employee’s
    death or Disability (as defined below).  In the event of Employee’s
    death or Disability, Employee (or Employee’s estate or beneficiaries in
    the case of death) shall have no right to receive any compensation or
    benefit hereunder or otherwise from Employer or any member of the
    Employer Group on and after the effective date of termination of
    employment other than (1) unpaid Base Salary earned to the date of
    termination of employment (which shall be paid on Employer’s next
    scheduled payroll

 

6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    date), (2) business expense reimbursement pursuant to Section 3(d), and
    (3) benefits provided pursuant to Section 3(c), subject to the terms
    and conditions applicable thereto. For purposes of this Section 10,
    Disability is defined as Employee’s inability to perform the essential
    functions of Employee’s duties hereunder for a period of time in excess
    of that set forth in Employer’s policies and procedures, as in effect
    from time to time, or in excess of a qualified leave pursuant to the
    Family and Medical Leave Act or as otherwise required by the Americans
    with Disabilities Act, as applicable.  Employee hereby consents to any
    examination or to provide or authorize access to any medical records
    that may be reasonably required by a licensed physician selected by
    Employer in connection with any determination to be made pursuant to
    this Section 10.

    11.           (a)  Termination by Employer for Cause.  Employer may
    terminate Employee’s employment hereunder for Cause (as defined below)
    at any time.  If Employer terminates Employee’s employment for Cause,
    Employee shall have no right to receive any compensation or benefit
    hereunder or otherwise from Employer or any member of the Employer
    Group on and after the effective date of termination of employment
    other than (1) unpaid Base Salary earned to the date of termination of
    employment (which shall be paid on Employer’s next scheduled payroll
    date), (2) business expense reimbursement pursuant to Section 3(d), and
    (3) benefits provided pursuant to Section 3(c), subject to the terms
    and conditions applicable thereto.  For purposes of this Section 11(a),
    Cause is defined as Employee’s (i) failure to abide by Employer’s
    policies and procedures, (ii) misconduct, insubordination, or
    inattention to Employer’s business, (iii) failure to perform the duties
    required of Employee up to the standards established by Employer, or
    other material breach of this Agreement (other than as a result of a
    Disability), or (iv) failure or inability to satisfy the requirements
    stated in Section 7 above.

    (b)  At Will Termination by Employer.  Employer may terminate Employee
    at will at any time upon fifteen (15) days prior written notice, or, in
    the Employer’s sole discretion, the equivalent of two weeks of Base
    Salary in lieu of notice.

    If Employer terminates Employee at will under this Section 11(b),
    Employee shall have no right to receive any compensation or benefit
    hereunder or otherwise from Employer or any member of the Employer
    Group on and after the effective date of termination of employment
    other than (1) unpaid Base Salary earned to the date of termination of
    employment (which shall be paid on Employer’s next scheduled payroll
    date), (2) business expense reimbursement pursuant to Section 3(d), and
    (3) benefits provided pursuant to Section 3(c), subject to the terms
    and conditions applicable thereto, and (4) twelve (12) months of Base
    Salary; provided that severance pay shall not exceed an amount
    equivalent to Base Salary from the date of termination to the date this
    Agreement would otherwise expire but for earlier termination.

    12.                                 Termination by Employee.  Employee
    may terminate Employee’s employment hereunder upon thirty (30) days’
    prior written notice to Employer.  If Employee shall terminate his
    employment other than for (a) death, (b) Disability, or (c) failure of
    Employer to pay

 

7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
                                                    Employee’s compensation
    when due, Employee shall have no right to receive any compensation or
    benefit hereunder or make any other claims against Employer or any
    member of the Employer Group on and after the effective date of
    termination of employment other than (1) unpaid Base Salary earned to
    the date of termination of employment (which shall be paid on
    Employer’s next scheduled payroll date), (2) business expense
    reimbursement pursuant to Section 3(d), and (3) benefits provided
    pursuant to Section 3(c), subject to the terms and conditions
    applicable thereto.

    13.                                 Cooperation Following Termination. 
    Following termination of employment of Employee’s employment hereunder
    for any reason, Employee agrees to reasonably cooperate with Employer
    upon the reasonable request of Employer and to be reasonably available
    to Employer with respect to matters arising out of Employee’s services
    to any member of the Employer Group.  Employer shall reimburse, or at
    Employee’s request, advance Employee for expenses reasonably incurred
    in connection with such matters.

    14.                                 Interpretation; Each Party the
    Drafter.  Each of the parties was represented by or had the opportunity
    to consult with counsel who either participated in the formulation and
    documentation of, or was afforded the opportunity to review and provide
    comments on, this Agreement.  Accordingly, this Agreement and the
    provisions contained in it shall not be construed or interpreted for or
    against any party to this agreement because that party drafted or
    caused that party’s legal representative to draft any of its
    provisions.

    15.                                 Indemnification.  Employer shall
    indemnify Employee to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law and
    the articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Employer.  Such
    indemnification shall include, without limitation, the following:

        a.                                       Indemnification Involving
        Third Party Claims.  Employer shall indemnify Employee if Employee
        is a party to or is threatened to be made a party to or otherwise
        involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or
        proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
        investigative (each a “Claim”), other than a Claim by or in the
        name of Employer or any entity in the Employer Group, by reason of
        the fact that Employee is or was serving as an employee or agent of
        Employer or any entity in the Employer Group (each an
        “Indemnifiable Event”), against all expenses, including attorneys’
        fees, judgments, fines, and amounts paid in settlement
        (collectively, “Expenses”) actually and reasonably incurred by
        Employee in connection with the investigation, defense, settlement
        or appeal of such Claim, if Employee either is not liable pursuant
        to NRS Section 78.138 or acted in good faith and in a manner
        Employee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
        interests of Employer and, in the case of a criminal Claim, in
        addition had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct
        was unlawful.

        b.                                      Determination of
        Appropriateness of Indemnification.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
        the obligations of Employer under this Section 15 shall be subject
        to

 

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                                        the condition that,
        unless ordered by a court, a determination shall have been made
        that indemnification is proper under the specific circumstances,
        pursuant to and in accordance with NRS Section 78.751, as in effect
        from time to time.

        c.                                       Indemnification for
        Defense Only.  The indemnification authorized by this Section 15
        does not include any actions, suits or proceedings initiated by
        Employee against Employer or any entity in the Employer Group.

        d.                                      Settlement of Claims. 
        Neither Employee nor Employer shall settle any Claim without the
        prior written consent of the other (such consent not to be
        unreasonably withheld or delayed).

    16.                                 Severability.  If any provision
    hereof is unenforceable, illegal or invalid for any reason whatsoever,
    such fact shall not affect the remaining provisions hereof, except in
    the event a law or court decision, whether on application for
    declaration, or preliminary injunction or upon final judgment, declares
    one or more of the provisions of this Agreement that impose
    restrictions on Employee unenforceable or invalid because of the
    geographic scope or time duration of such restriction.  In such event,
    Employer shall have the option to deem the invalidated restrictions
    retroactively modified to provide for the maximum geographic scope and
    time duration that would make such provisions enforceable and valid.

    Exercise of this option shall not affect Employer’s right to seek
    damages or such additional relief as may be allowed by law in respect
    to any breach by Employee of the enforceable provisions of this
    Agreement.

    17.                                 Survival.  Notwithstanding anything
    in this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent applicable, Sections 8
    through and including Section 17 shall survive the termination of this
    Agreement.

    18.                                 Notice.  For purposes of this
    Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this
    Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
    given (i) when personally delivered, (ii) the business day following
    the day when deposited with a reputable and established overnight
    express courier (charges prepaid), or (iii) five (5) days following
    mailing by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid and return
    receipt requested.  Unless another address is specified, notices shall
    be sent to the addresses indicated below:

To Employer:

Mr. Michael V. Mecca
OpBiz, LLC
3667 Las Vegas Blvd. South
Las Vegas, NV 89109
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
To Employee:
 
_________________________
_________________________
_________________________
_________________________
 
or to such other address as either party shall have furnished to the other 
in writing in accordance herewith.

    19.                                 Tax Withholding.  Notwithstanding
    any other provision of this Agreement, Employer may withhold from any
    amounts payable under this Agreement, or any other benefits received
    pursuant hereto, such Federal, state, local and other taxes as shall be
    required to be withheld under any applicable law or regulation.

    20.                                 Dispute Resolution.

        a.                                       Any dispute, claim or
        controversy arising from or related in any way to this Agreement or
        the interpretation, application, breach, termination or validity
        thereof, including any claim of inducement of this Agreement by
        fraud, or arising from or related in any way to Employee’s
        employment with Employer will be submitted for final resolution by
        private arbitration before a single arbitrator and in accordance
        with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes
        and practices then in effect of, the American Arbitration
        Association, or any successors thereto (“AAA”), except where those
        rules conflict with these provisions, in which case these
        provisions control; provided, however, that Employer shall have the
        right to seek in court equitable relief, including a temporary
        restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or an
        injunction in aid of arbitration, to enforce its rights set forth
        in Section 8.  The arbitration will be held in Las Vegas, Nevada.

        b.                                      Giving recognition to the
        understanding of the parties hereto that they contemplate
        reasonable discovery, including document demands and depositions,
        the arbitrator shall provide for discovery in accordance with the
        Nevada Rules of Civil Procedure as reasonably applicable to this
        private arbitration.

        c.                                       To the extent possible,
        the arbitration hearings and award will be maintained in
        confidence, except as may be required by law or for the purpose of
        enforcement of an arbitral award.

        d.                                      Each party shall bear its
        own attorney’s fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with
        arbitration proceedings pursuant to this Agreement to arbitrate. 
        The fees, costs, and expenses of the arbitrators and related
        expenses shall be paid

 

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                                        by the Employer up
        to a maximum of $5,000.  Any fees, costs and expenses of the
        arbitrators shall thereafter be shared equally between Employer, on
        one hand, and Employee on the other hand.

        e.                                       Each party hereto waives,
        to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claim to punitive or
        exemplary or liquidated or multiplied damages from the other.

    21.                                 No Waiver of Breach or Remedies. 
    No failure or delay on the part of Employer or Employee in exercising
    any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof
    nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or
    remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
    of any other right, power or remedy hereunder.  The remedies herein
    provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by
    law.

    22.                                 Amendment or Modification.  No
    amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of this
    Agreement shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and
    signed by an officer of Employer (other than Employee), and Employee,
    nor consent to any departure by the Employee from any of the terms of
    this Agreement shall be effective unless the same is signed by an
    officer of Employer (other than Employee).  Any such waiver or consent
    shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific
    purpose for which given.

    23.                                 Governing Law; Venue.  The laws of
    the State of Nevada shall govern the validity, construction, and
    interpretation of this Agreement, without regard to conflict of law
    principles.  Each party irrevocably submits to the exclusive
    jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Nevada located in Clark
    County in any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to
    this Agreement or any matters contemplated hereby, and agrees that any
    such action, suit or proceeding shall be brought only in such court.

    24.                                 Headings.  The headings in this
    Agreement have been included solely for convenience of reference and
    shall not be considered in the interpretation or construction of this
    Agreement.

    25.                                 Assign­ment.  This Agreement is
    personal to Employee and may not be assigned by Employee.

    26.                                 Prior Agreements.  This Agreement
    shall supersede and replace any and all other prior discussions and
    negotiations as well as any and all agreements and arrangements that
    may have been entered into by and between Employer or any predecessor
    thereof, on the one hand, and Employee, on the other hand, relating to
    the subject matter hereof.  Employee acknowledges that all rights under
    such prior agreements and arrangements shall be extinguished.

 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

                IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Employer and Employee have entered into 
this Agreement in Las Vegas, Nevada, as of the date first written above.
     
 
 
“EMPLOYEE”
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature
 
 
 
 
“EMPLOYER”
 
OPBIZ, L.L.C.
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
 
 
Its:
 
 
 
Title
 
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------