 EX-10.1 3 v092526_ex10-1.htm
DISTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

This Agreement, is made and entered into as of this 1 day of July 2006 by 
and between Orbital Group, LLC, a _______ limited liability company (the 
"Manufacturer") and Emy’s Salsa Aji Distribution Company, Inc., a Nevada 
corporation (the "Distributor").

The parties hereto agree as follows:

1. ASSOCIATION

 1.1 Manufacturer hereby appoints and grants Distributor the right to act
 as the exclusive distributor of Manufacturer's products as described in
 attached Exhibit A ("Products") throughout the territory described in
 Exhibit A (the "Territory"). Manufacturer reserves the right, exercisable
 from time to time, to add or discontinue Products in its sole discretion,
 but shall advise the Distributor as soon as practicable of its intentions
 to do so.
 
 1.2 Distributor agrees not to sell or distribute the Products outside the
 Territory, nor to any third party who Distributor has reason to believe
 will, directly or indirectly, sell or ship the Products outside the
 Territory without Manufacturer's prior consent. Distributor shall
 cooperate with Manufacturer in all reasonable manners as may be requested
 by Manufacturer in order to prevent sales from occurring outside the
 Territory. At Manufacturer's request, Distributor shall furnish
 Manufacturer with documentation by the appropriate governmental
 authorities satisfactory to Manufacturer evidencing shipment of the
 Products into the Territory.
 
 1.3 Distributor shall issue Manufacturer 3,000,000 fully-paid and
 non-assessable shares of the Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of
 Distributor in consideration of this Agreement.
 
2. PRICES
 
2.1 Price lists to Distributor shall be as set forth in Exhibit B (as 
revised from time to time by Manufacturer in its sole discretion) in effect 
on date of shipment. Manufacturer shall sell the Products to Distributor as 
set forth in the price list (hereinafter referred to as the "Product Price 
List") attached hereto as Exhibit B. The prices of the Products are 
expressed in United States Dollars ("U.S. $"), F.O.B. Manufacturer's 
warehouse in Baltimore, Maryland, or such other warehouse or location as 
Manufacturer may designate from time to time, whether or not Manufacturer 
subsequently assists Distributor in shipping the Products to Distributor or 
elsewhere in the Territory.

3.   DUTIES

3.1 During the Term, Distributor, its subsidiaries, corporate parents and 
commonly controlled companies shall not manufacture, distribute, sell, 
market or promote any Products which compete or is likely to compete with 
any of the Products without the prior written consent of Manufacturer.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
3.2  In the event any restriction against engaging in a competitive 
activity contained in this Section shall be determined by any court of 
competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable by reason if its extending for 
too great a period of time or over too great a geographical area or by 
reason of its being too extensive in any other respect, the restriction set 
forth shall be interpreted to extend only over the maximum period of time 
for which it may be enforceable, over the maximum geographical area as to 
which it may be enforceable and to the maximum extent in all other respects 
as to which it may be enforceable, all as determined by such court in such 
action.

3.3 Distributor shall maintain and operate such suitable establishments and 
inventory in the Territory for the promotion, advertising, distribution and 
sale of the Products adequate to meet the market requirements for said 
Products in the Territory and at all times maintain an efficient and 
adequate staff of salespersons engaged in the promotion, advertising, and 
sale of the Products in the Territory. Distributor shall maintain 
sufficient warehouse, delivery and logistical personnel to assure customer 
service at the highest standard possible. Distributor's sales organization 
shall be maintained at adequate levels in terms of absolute manpower and 
quality of the sales force.

3.4  Unless specifically authorized in writing by the Manufacturer, 
Distributor shall exercise its best efforts only to promote the sale of the 
Products in the Territory and to further the popularity of names, brands, 
logos and trademarks used in connection with the distribution and sale of 
the Products. Distributor shall also use its best efforts to secure and 
maintain a volume of sales of the Products.

3.5 Distributor shall at all times comply with and strictly observe the 
laws and regulations applicable in the Territory and comply with all 
instructions, directions, specifications, information and data which 
Manufacturer may give with regard to the labeling, handling, use, storage, 
distribution, promotion and sale of the Products. While complying with the 
undertakings set forth in this Agreement or any agreement with 
subdistributors or stores, Distributor shall require that its employees, 
representatives, intermediaries and agents comply with all the laws, 
regulations and applicable legislation in the Territory, including but not 
limited to, the laws that regulate the labeling or packaging of the 
Products. In addition, Distributor shall immediately notify Manufacturer of 
all the provisions and requirements set forth by any law, regulation or 
resolution of any authority in the Territory that may affect Manufacturer 
or the purchase, sale or dispatch of the Products or the resale of the 
Products to the customers or to others.

3.6 Distributor agrees to adhere to and comply with Manufacturer’s 
policies, programs and directives as from time to time communicated and to 
cooperate in all respects.  
 
3.7 Distributor agrees to furnish to Manufacturer, promptly upon request, 
such written information as Manufacturer may, from time to time, reasonably 
request concerning Distributor’s sales activities to customers in the 
Territory.
 
3.8 Distributor will promptly deliver to Manufacturer a true, correct and 
complete list of all clients and products represented by Distributor. Such 
list will be revised on the anniversary date of this Agreement.
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
3.9 Distributor agrees to solicit business and to bear exclusively the cost 
of any and all selling and administrative expenses, including 
correspondence, telex, telephone, traveling and entertainment expenses, 
salaries and commissions, advertising and sales promotion expenses and 
generally not to commit the Manufacturer to any expenses in the Territory 
without the Manufacturer’s specific written authorization.

3.10 Neither Manufacturer nor Distributor is required to spend any minimum 
amount on advertising and/or public relations related to the Products, 
however, Distributor agrees to incur advertising and promotional 
expenditures to support the Program in a manner similar to how it supports 
other products it distributes.

4. ASSISTANCE BY MANUFACTURER

Manufacturer agrees to furnish Distributor with Manufacturer's samples and 
other sales aids as may be available from Manufacturer from time to time, 
in such quantities as Manufacturer reasonably determines necessary to 
facilitate the sale of Products in the Territory.

5. PASS-ON OF CONDITIONS

5.1 Distributor shall effectively pass on to all of its customers 
Manufacturer’s conditions of sale, including the limited warranty, 
limitation of remedy, the disclaimer and exclusion of warranties of 
merchantability and fitness, and the exclusion of special and consequential 
damages, as well as all of Manufacturer’s warnings and instructions on the 
use of the Products. Distributor shall indemnify and hold Manufacturer 
harmless from and against all liabilities and expenses that result from 
Distributor’s failure to effectively pass on such provisions to its 
customers.

5.2 Manufacturer may refuse to ship or delay the shipment of any Products 
on order if Distributor becomes delinquent in payment of its obligations, 
or exceeds established credit lines. No such refusal or delay will be 
deemed a termination of this Agreement by Manufacturer.

6. MINIMUM SALES LEVELS

6.1 Distributor shall not be required to purchase any minimum dollar amount 
of Products in the first year following the date of this Agreement. 
Thereafter, this Agreement will terminate if Distributor has not purchased 
a minimum of $15,000 of Products by the end of each one-year anniversary of 
this Agreement.

6.2 Distributor shall advise Manufacturer as to any applicable requirements 
in the Territory for the packaging of the Products. In no event may 
Distributor make any change, addition or modification in or to the 
packaging of any Product without Manufacturer's prior written consent. The 
Products shall have the weight, size and measurements normally used in the 
United States of America or those that Manufacturer may establish.

6.3 The Distributor shall advise Manufacturer as to any applicable 
requirements in the Territory for the labeling of the Products. In no event 
may the Distributor make any change, addition or modification in or to the 
labeling of any Product without Manufacturer's prior written consent. The 
Distributor shall comply with any and all requirements of Territory law in 
respect of the labeling of the Products, taking into consideration that the 
Distributor's name, unless expressly required by Territory regulations, 
shall not have a more prominent exposure in location, color and size than 
Manufacturer's Trademarks or names. Manufacturer shall sell its Products 
with English labels, or if otherwise agreed, English and labels in such 
language as is required in the Territory, but all costs and expenses 
incurred in translating the Products' labels into any language other than 
English, as well as any other costs and expenses related to any additional 
label require to be affixed to the Products or inserted into the packages 
of the Products by the Authorities (as defined hereinbelow), shall be 
exclusively borne and paid by Distributor. Distributor will not relabel the 
Products other than translation and overlabel except with the express prior 
written consent of Manufacturer. Distributor shall assume all 
responsibility and liability for any claims by the Authorities or by any 
other official agency and/or by any party regarding or resulting from 
improper or unlawful labeling and any damages resulting therefrom. 
Distributor shall submit for Manufacturer's written approval all labels 
(with their respective English translations) designed in accordance with 
Manufacturer's guidelines. No changes in labels once approved by 
Manufacturer will be made unless prior written approval has been obtained 
from Manufacturer.
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
6.4 The delivery of the Products to Distributor shall be subject to the 
terms usually employed by and current at the time of delivery. Manufacturer 
shall not be bound to deliver any order of the Products to Distributor 
unless a letter of credit is in effect on the date of dispatch, or the 
parties have mutually agreed in writing to other terms. When the Products 
have been delivered to Distributor's transporter, Manufacturer shall 
receive all the required documentation, including but not limited to, the 
bill of lading. Delivery of the Products to Distributor's transporter shall 
transfer title to the Products to Distributor, and all risk of loss of such 
Products shall be for Distributor's account as from such transfer of title. 
Distributor shall report to Manufacturer no later than one month from the 
date of Distributor’s receipt of the Products any deficiencies in the 
Products which render the Products unsaleable. Distributor shall submit one 
or more units of the allegedly defective Products for Manufacturer's 
examination. Credit will be issued or defective goods will be replaced with 
fresh Products if examination confirms Distributor's claims or defects.

6.5 Distributor shall place the orders for the Products to Manufacturer by 
email, facsimile, overnight courier service or any similar method of 
written communication. It is nevertheless understood that Manufacturer 
shall not be compelled to verify if the orders are authentic, nor if the 
person executing the orders in representation of Distributor is authorized 
therefor. Distributor agrees that all orders placed shall be subject to 
acceptance by Manufacturer and governed only by the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement and by Manufacturer's Product Price List currently in force.

6.6 (a) Any order for the Products shall be considered accepted by 
Manufacturer upon written confirmation sent by Manufacturer to Distributor 
stating that the order has been accepted.
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(b) It is understood that Manufacturer's acceptance of orders from 
Distributor shall be subject to availability of Products taking into 
consideration Manufacturer's other commitments and that Manufacturer shall 
not be required to accept any orders involving unusual quantities or 
packing or labeling instructions or delivery dates that Manufacturer cannot 
reasonably meet. In the event Manufacturer is unable to fully satisfy any 
portion of an order it has accepted, it shall promptly notify Distributor. 
Distributor shall have five (5) days after it has received said notice to 
revise the order to include different Products or different quantities of 
Products. In the event this procedure is followed, Manufacturer shall in no 
event be liable to Distributor if Manufacturer decides to modify, change or 
discontinue any of the Products.

(c) Nothing contained in this Agreement shall require Manufacturer to sell 
or deliver to Distributor any Products which Manufacturer may determine to 
be inappropriate or unsuitable for distribution or use in the Territory.

(d) Sales of Products to Distributor shall be governed by this Agreement 
and by the United Nations Conventions on contracts for the international 
sale of goods (Vienna 1980) for international sales, if any are effected by 
Distributor.

6.7 (a) All payments under this Agreement shall be made in accordance with 
the terms set forth on Exhibit C, as it may be amended in writing from time 
to time by Manufacturer.

(b)  In the event that Manufacturer does not receive on the Payment Date 
all amounts owed by Distributor, and without prejudice to any other action 
that Manufacturer may pursue, said amount shall accrue interest over the 
balance due, calculated as from said Payment Date until the date that 
Manufacturer effectively receives payment hereunder, such interest at a 
rate per annum of two percent over the prime rate announced by Citibank, 
N.A. from time to time, such rate to change as and when such prior rate 
changes, or fifteen percent per year, as Manufacturer may elect, to be 
computed on the basis of a 365-day year for the number of days elapsed.

(c) Any and all payments required to be made to Manufacturer pursuant to 
this Agreement shall be made free and clear of and without deduction for 
any and all current or future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, tariffs, 
customs, duties, commissions, charges or withholdings, and any liabilities 
with respect thereto, imposed by any governmental authority of the 
Territory (all such taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, tariff, customs, 
utilities, commissions, charges or withholdings and liabilities shall 
hereinafter be referred to as "Taxes"). If any Taxes are required to be 
deducted or withheld from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder to 
Manufacturer (i) the sum payable shall be increased by the amount necessary 
so that after making all required deductions (including deductions 
applicable to additional sums payable Manufacturer shall receive an amount 
equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, 
(ii) Distributor shall make such deductions and (iii) Distributor shall pay 
the full amount deducted to the relevant governmental authority in 
accordance with applicable law, provided, however, with respect to any 
Taxes that are required to be deducted or withheld from or in respect of 
any interest payments to Manufacturer, Distributor shall have no obligation 
pursuant to this Section.
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
6.8 (a) Title to the Products shall be transferred to Distributor at the 
time Manufacturer delivers the Products to Distributor's transporter at 
Manufacturer's distribution center located in Baltimore, Maryland, USA, or 
such other distribution center as Manufacturer may use from time to time. 
At such time, all risks of the loss of the Products shall be transferred to 
Distributor. Manufacturer reserves the right to change the place of 
transfer of Products and/or risk of loss of the Products to Distributor, 
through notification served on Distributor in writing with fifteen days 
advance notice.

(b) At all times throughout the term of this Agreement, Distributor shall 
procure and maintain comprehensive general liability insurance, written on 
an occurrence form, with appropriate limits to be mutually agreed upon by 
the parties hereto, and which shall name Manufacturer as an additional 
named insured. Such insurance shall provide coverage for any damages 
arising out of or in any way resulting from Products furnished under this 
Agreement, including, without limitation: (i) bodily injury, sickness or 
disease, including death; (ii) property damage; and (iii) contractual 
assumption of liability under this Agreement. All insurance policies shall 
provide that any cancellation, lapse, expiration, reduction in amount or 
material -change in the coverage, shall be not be effective as to 
Manufacturer until at least 30 days after receipt by Manufacturer of 
written notice by such insurers of such cancellation, lapse, expiration, 
reduction or change. Each policy required by this section shall provide 
that such insurance shall be primary insurance without any right of 
contribution from any other insurance carried by Manufacturer. All 
insurance required by this section shall be procured and maintained in 
financially sound and generally recognized responsible insurance companies 
authorized to write such insurance. On or before the date of this 
Agreement, Distributor shall deliver to Manufacturer duplicate copies of 
insurance policies, binders or certificates of insurance evidencing 
compliance with the requirements of this section. At least 15 days prior to 
the expiration of any such policy, Distributor shall furnish Manufacturer 
with evidence that such policy has been renewed or replaced.

7. PRODUCTS REGISTRATION.
 
Distributor shall inform Manufacturer of any and all permits, licenses or 
other governmental or non-governmental authorizations that are necessary to 
sell, distribute or promote the Products in the Territory, and it shall be 
the responsibility of Distributor to obtain all such approvals, 
registrations and permissions and otherwise to comply with all laws and 
governmental regulations with respect to the sale of the Products within 
the Territory.
  
8. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

   8.1 Manufacturer hereby grants to Distributor, and Distributor hereby 
accepts, during the Term of this Agreement and within the Territory, the 
non-exclusive and non-transferable license (without the right to 
sublicense, except as may be approved by Manufacturer in advance, in 
writing) to use and employ the trademarks, trade dress, logos, and 
copyrights as more fully described on Exhibit A hereof (the “Marks”) and 
the goodwill and selling processes, which Manufacturer has for the 
packaging, labeling, warehousing, using, advertising, marketing and selling 
(hereinafter referred to as "Intellectual Property Rights") of the Products 
solely in connection with the exercise of Distributor's rights to sell 
Products hereunder. Nothing herein shall be construed as a grant by 
Manufacturer to Distributor of any right to sublicense the Intellectual 
Property Rights.
 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
     
8.2 Distributor shall, at its own cost, comply with all of Manufacturer 's 
technical specifications and instructions related to the packaging, 
labeling, warehousing, using and selling of the Products. Distributor 
agrees to conform to the standards of quality which Manufacturer shall from 
time-to-time establish.

(a) Distributor acknowledges the ownership of the Marks by Manufacturer, 
agrees that it will do nothing inconsistent with such ownership, and that 
all use of the Marks and of the Intellectual Property Rights by Distributor 
and all good will developed therefrom shall inure to the benefit of and be 
on behalf of Manufacturer. Distributor agrees that nothing in this 
Agreement shall give Distributor any right, title, or interest in the Marks 
or the Intellectual Property Rights other than the right to Use the Marks 
and the Intellectual Property Rights in accordance with this Agreement and 
Distributor agrees that it will not attack the title of Manufacturer to the 
Marks or the Intellectual Property Rights, the validity of the Marks or the 
Intellectual Property Rights, any rights of Manufacturer that may have 
arisen from this Agreement, or the validity of this Agreement.

(b) Distributor shall not use the Marks in any way except as expressly set 
forth herein without the prior, express written consent of Manufacturer. 
Under no circumstances shall Distributor, at any time, directly or 
indirectly, use the Marks (or any designs of the Products) or other 
proprietary information as part of Distributor's corporate or trade name. 
Upon termination of this Agreement, Distributor shall remove all references 
to Manufacturer from its letterheads, advertising literature and places of 
business, and shall not thereafter use, directly or indirectly, any similar 
or deceptive name or trademark intending to give the impression that there 
is any relationship between the parties or that the Distributor has the 
right to utilize in any way, shape or form any Marks or other Intellectual 
Property Rights.

(c) Manufacturer has the right to use any Products designed and used by 
Distributor and/or Manufacturer as part of Distributor’s obligation under 
this Agreement in any manner Manufacturer may deem beneficial to the 
exploitation of the Marks anywhere in the world, including, but not limited 
to, the production, sale and distribution of the Licensed Products through 
a third party contractor or a new Distributor, should this License expire 
or terminate for any reason (with no right to a Winding Up Period) prior to 
the fulfillment of any outstanding orders or as otherwise necessary to 
protect the reputation and goodwill of the Marks. Distributor shall be 
entitled to reimbursement for actual out-of-pocket expenses associated with 
the duplication of art work, designs, patterns, etc. developed by 
Distributor (which shall be duplicated and forwarded to Manufacturer 
promptly after requested by Manufacturer) for use as set forth in this 
paragraph.

(d)  Manufacturer shall be deemed the author, with the right but not the 
obligation in its sole discretion, to register a claim to any copyright 
within an art work or a writing that is developed by Distributor as part of 
the obligations of Distributor toward the Products. Distributor agrees that 
all such copyrighted artwork and writings are a work for hire, and shall be 
protected as the sole and exclusive property of Manufacturer. In the event 
any such artwork and writings are deemed to not be works for hire, 
Distributor hereby assigns all copyright rights in and to the artwork and 
writings to Manufacturer. Distributor agrees to execute such documents as 
may be requested by Manufacturer to give effect to this provision. 
Distributor shall place a legally sufficient copyright notice which 
protects the rights of Manufacturer on each and every design, style, 
garment, creation or writing which is capable of protection pursuant to the 
copyright laws of the appropriate jurisdiction. Any public distribution of 
goods bearing copyrightable works of Manufacturer by Distributor without a 
copyright notice as required above, if not authorized, is a violation of 
this Agreement.
 
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(e)  CONFIRMATION OF OWNERSHIP: Whenever requested by Manufacturer, whether 
during the Licensed Term or thereafter, Distributor shall execute such 
documents or applications as Manufacturer may deem necessary to confirm 
Manufacturer’s ownership of all their rights, to maintain the validity of 
the Marks and the copyright(s) referred to above in Section 7.2, and to 
obtain, or maintain any registration thereof.

(f)  LABELS/PACKAGING: Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, 
Distributor shall not relabel or repackage the Products, or add or delete 
any label, hangtag and/or packaging thereto. Distributor understands the 
importance of maintaining the security and integrity of all labeling used 
on the Products, and Distributor agrees to use its best efforts to maintain 
a strict, accurate and current inventory of all labels throughout the 
manufacturing process of the Products so as to preclude any diversion of 
the labels, and, if any such diversion occurs, Distributor agrees to notify 
Manufacturer in writing immediately upon discovery thereof.

(g)  TRADEMARK REGISTRATION: In the event the Territory includes countries 
in which one or more of the Marks has not yet been registered, Manufacturer 
has the right, but not the obligation, to obtain trademark registration of 
any of the Marks in such countries. Manufacturer makes no representation or 
warranty that the Marks will be registered or are registerable in the 
Territory, and the failure to obtain or maintain registrations thereof 
shall not be deemed a breach hereof by Manufacturer. Notwithstanding 
Manufacturer’s failure to seek registration of any Marks in any country, 
Distributor shall have no right to seek any such registration, nor shall 
Distributor acquire any right, title or interest in any of the Marks as a 
result of the rights granted to it herein.

(h)  Distributor shall notify Manufacturer promptly of any actual or 
threatened infringements, imitations, or unauthorized use of the Marks by 
third parties of which Distributor becomes aware. Manufacturer shall have 
the sole right, at its expense, to bring any action on account of any such 
infringements, imitations or unauthorized use, and Distributor shall 
cooperate with Manufacturer, at Manufacturer’s expense, as Manufacturer may 
reasonably request, in connection with any such action brought by 
Manufacturer. Manufacturer shall retain any and all damages, settlement 
and/or compensation paid in connection with any such action brought by 
Manufacturer. In no event shall Manufacturer be responsible to Distributor 
for any damages that may result from said infringement(s).
 
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
8.3 Distributor hereby recognizes that Manufacturer and Manufacturer's 
Intellectual Property Rights, have an established and highly respected 
prestige and reputation by both business and the public. Therefore, it is 
essential to this Agreement and to Manufacturer that in the import, 
distribution, marketing, promotion and sale of the Products, the high 
quality standards and excellent reputation established by Manufacturer and 
its affiliated entities are maintained at all times. Distributor hereby 
agrees not to harm or discredit in any way the reputation and the prestige 
of Manufacturer and Manufacturer’s Intellectual Property Rights and the 
Products.

9.  CUSTOMER SERVICING

Distributor shall maintain in the Territory sufficient inventory of the 
Products so as to permit filling and shipping against current customer 
orders normally shipped from Distributor's warehouse stock for a minimum of 
one (1) month. Distributor agrees to notify Manufacturer if it opens any 
new offices or branches or closes or ceases to operate through one of its 
offices or branches.

10.  ORDERS/ACCEPTANCE/PRICE AND TERMS

 10.1 All orders from Distributor are subject to approval and final
 acceptance by Manufacturer. For nonstandard Products which are sold to
 Distributor for resale, the price shall be as quoted to Distributor at
 time of inquiry, provided that the inquiry is within thirty (30) calendar
 days of order entry.

 10.2 All payments to Manufacturer by Distributor shall be in United States
 currency.

11.  WARRANTY AND FORCE MAJEURE

11.1 Manufacturer warrants that all Products delivered hereunder shall be 
of Manufacturer's standard quality. MANUFACTURER MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED: THERE ARE NO IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING WARRANTY OF 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

11.2 Manufacturer shall not be liable for damages resulting from delays in 
shipment or inability to ship due to normal production and shipment delays 
or those resulting from acts of God, fires, floods, wars, sabotage, 
accidents, labor disputes or shortages, plant shutdown or equipment 
failure, voluntary or involuntary compliance with any law, order, rule or 
regulation of governmental agency or authority; or inability to obtain 
material (including power and fuel), equipment or transportation, or 
arising from any other contingency, circumstances or event beyond the 
control of the Manufacturer.

11.3 Distributor shall not be penalized for its failure to meet sales 
objectives resulting from delays in shipment or inability to ship due to 
normal production and shipment delays or those resulting from acts of God, 
fires, floods, wars, sabotage, accidents, labor disputes or shortages, 
plant shutdown or equipment failure, voluntary or involuntary compliance 
with any law, order, rule or regulation of governmental agency or 
authority; or inability to obtain material (including power and fuel), 
equipment or transportation, or arising from any other contingency, 
circumstances or event beyond the control of the Distributor.
 
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
12.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

12.1 No claims of any kind, whether as to materials delivered or for 
nondelivery of materials from Manufacturer, and whether arising in tort or 
contract, shall be greater in amount than the purchase price of the 
Products in respect of which such damages are claimed; and the failure to 
give notice of the claim to Manufacturer where the order was placed within 
sixty (60) calendar days from the date fixed for delivery shall constitute 
a waiver by Distributor of all claims in respect of such Products. In no 
event shall Manufacturer be liable for special, indirect or consequential 
damages. Any claim with respect to defective Products or breach of warranty 
must be promptly made and shall apply to Products properly used, stored, 
applied and maintained.

13. RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN MANUFACTURER AND DISTRIBUTOR

Distributor is not an agent, employee or legal Distributor of Manufacturer, 
but an independent contractor. Distributor does not have any authority to 
assume or create any obligation or responsibility on behalf of Manufacturer 
or bind Manufacturer in any manner whatsoever. The relationship between 
manufacturer and Distributor is that of vendor and vendee. Distributor 
further agrees to defend, indemnify and hold Manufacturer harmless 
including without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, from and against 
any and all claims of third parties that would not have arisen but for an 
act or omission by Distribution that is contrary to the above-acknowledged 
relationship or any other term hereof.

14.  TERM/CANCELLATION

14.1 This Agreement shall become effective as of the date hereof upon 
execution by an officer or other authorized representative of the 
Manufacturer in the United States and by an officer or other authorized 
representative of Distributor and shall remain in effect thereafter for a 
period of one (1) year unless previously terminated by either party for any 
reason upon not less than thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice to 
the other party. The Agreement shall automatically renew for successive 
periods of one (1) year each (provided either party may terminate for any 
reason upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice to the 
other party), unless either party provides written notice to the other that 
it does not wish the Agreement to renew no more than thirty (30) days prior 
to the end of the then in effect period.

14.2 Without limitation, the following events shall constitute grounds for 
termination by Manufacturer upon ten (10) days prior written notice:

 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
       (a) if Distributor shall file or have filed against it a petition in
       bankruptcy or insolvency or if Distributor shall make an assignment
       for benefit of its creditors of if Distributor's viability as a
       going concern should, in Manufacturer's judgment, become impaired;
 
       (b) if Distributor fails to provide and maintain a proper and
       sufficient sales force;
 
       (c) if Distributor degrades and places in bad repute the name and
       reputation of Manufacturer expressly or by virtue of its methods of
       handling and/or promoting the Products;
 
     (d) if Distributor fails to meet any other of its obligations
     hereunder;
 
       (e) upon a change of control of Distributor (defined to be mean
       change in a majority of the board of directors, of issuance or
       transfer to stockholders who are not stockholders on the date of
       this Agreement of shares representing in excess of fifty (50%)
       percent of the voting stock of Manufacturer, or
 
       (e) if Distributor fails to purchase from Manufacturer more than
       $10,000 of Products in any three consecutive month period.
 
14.3 Except as may be otherwise determined pursuant to the laws of the 
jurisdiction where Distributor has its principal office, Manufacturer shall 
have no liability to Distributor by any reason of any termination or 
cancellation of this Agreement by Manufacturer, including without 
limitation, liability for direct or indirect damages on account of loss of 
income arising from anticipated sales, compensation, or for expenditures, 
investments, leases or other commitments or for loss of goodwill or 
business opportunity or otherwise.

14.4 Upon termination by either Manufacturer of Distributor, Manufacturer 
shall have the option, but shall not be obligated, to buy back from 
Distributor any new unsold Products purchased from Manufacturer, at the 
prices charged to Distributor, less Manufacturer's then applicable 
restocking charge, if any, and less any additional expenses incurred by 
Manufacturer arising out of termination by Distributor

15.  NONDISCLOSURE

All information transferred or otherwise revealed to Distributor by 
Manufacturer under this Agreement, including but not limited to, 
engineering information, manufacturing information, technology, know-how 
and price books or lists, will at all times remain Manufacturer's property. 
Distributor shall at all times hold such information confidential and shall 
not disclose any such information if not otherwise within the public 
domain. Upon any termination of this Agreement, or as Manufacturer directs 
from time to time, Distributor shall promptly return all such information 
to Manufacturer, together with any copies or reproductions thereof. 
Distributor's obligations under this section shall survive any termination 
of the Agreement.
 
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
16.  CERTAIN PRACTICES

(a) Distributor acknowledges that certain laws of the United States impose 
fines or penalties on Manufacturer in the event Manufacturer makes payments 
to foreign government officials for the purpose of influencing those 
officials in making a business decision favorable to Manufacturer. In 
addition, Manufacturer and Distributor may be subject to similar laws or 
requirements of the country of destination of the Products. Distributor 
agrees upon reasonable request by Manufacturer to give Manufacturer 
reasonable written assurance that the Distributor has done nothing to cause 
liability to Manufacturer under the above-mentioned laws.

(b) Distributor shall indemnify and hold harmless Manufacturer for any 
damage incurred by Manufacturer as a result of any violations of Sections 
3.5 or 16 hereof.

17.  NOTICES

All notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall 
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been served or delivered:

(a)  when personally served or delivered to one party by the serving or 
delivering party; or

(b) when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid by the serving or 
delivering party addressed to the other party at the addresses set forth on 
the first page of this Agreement.

The parties may amend the person and address to which notice is provided by 
written notice to the other party from time to time.

18.  VARIOUS

18.1 This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between the 
Manufacturer and Distributor with respect to its subject matter and there 
are no understandings or representations of any kind, express, implied, 
oral, written statutory or otherwise, not expressly set forth herein. No 
alteration or modification of this Agreement shall be binding unless in 
writing and signed by the party to be bound thereby.

18.2 This Agreement is not assignable in whole or in part by Distributor 
without the express written consent of Manufacturer.

18.3 If Distributor consists of either two or more individuals or partners, 
each shall execute this Agreement on behalf of Distributor and each 
individual signing shall be jointly and severally liable to Manufacturer 
with respect to the obligations of Distributor under this Agreement.
 
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
18.4 This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with 
the laws of the State of Maryland, without reference to principles of 
conflicts of laws.

18.5 Any controversy or claim arising under or in relation to this 
Agreement, or the breach thereof, or the relations between Distributor and 
Manufacturer shall be settled by arbitration by one arbitrator in the City 
of Baltimore, Maryland administered by the American Arbitration Association 
under the then applicable General Commercial Arbitration Rules, and 
judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any 
court having jurisdiction thereof; provided however, that the arbitrator 
shall be bound by the laws of the State of Maryland and shall have no power 
to extend this Agreement beyond its termination date, nor to order 
reinstatement or other continuation of the parties' relationship after 
termination, nor to award punitive, consequential, multiple, incidental or 
any other damages in excess of the economic damages actually sustained by 
the claimant. If, and only if, the arbitrator shall determine that either 
party's position in arbitration was not maintained in good faith, then the 
arbitrators shall award the other party a reasonable attorney's fee. Any 
judgment shall state the basis for the judgment. The choice of law 
governing any and all questions and issues in any way related to this 
Agreement, except as set forth in the above paragraph) shall be the laws of 
the State of Maryland.

18.6 Distributor recognizes that the Products possess a special, unique and 
extraordinary character which makes difficult the assessment of monetary 
damages which Manufacturer might sustain by an unauthorized use. 
Distributor agrees that irreparable injury would be caused by Distributor 
by such unauthorized use, and that injunctive relief would be appropriate 
in the event of breach of this Agreement. The loser of said action shall 
pay any and all reasonable costs, expenses, attorney's fees and 
disbursements incurred by the other party with respect thereto.

18.7 In addition, if after notice to Distributor, Distributor fails to take 
any action which Distributor is obligated to take hereunder the 
Manufacturer shall have the right and option, but not the duty, to bring an 
action for specific performance to compel such action. Each of Manufacturer 
and Distributor shall pay all of its own costs and expenses incurred in 
connection with any action for specific performance under this Section 
18.7.

This Section 18.7 shall be an exception to the mandatory arbitration 
provision set forth above.

18.8 The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to any 
provision of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered or 
deemed to be a waiver nor considered or deemed to deprive that party of the 
right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that provision or any 
other provision of this Agreement. Any waiver must be in writing.
 
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
18.9 This Agreement is a complete statement of all agreements among the 
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. Any amendment, 
modification, alteration, change or waiver must be in writing.
 
18.10 If any provisions of this Agreement is for any reason declared to be 
invalid or unenforceable, the validity of the remaining provisions shall 
not be affected thereby.
 
18.11 The recitals, Schedules and Exhibits are hereby incorporated in this 
Agreement. Paragraph headings are used solely for convenience and should 
not be given any weight in the interpretation of this Agreement.
 
18.12 The parties each warrant the following: (1) that the delivery of this 
Agreement has been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action of its 
company; (2) that the execution and delivery of this Agreement does not 
violate its Articles of Incorporation or By-laws, or any contract or 
commitment to which it is a party or by which it is bound; and (3) that it 
is not a party to any suit, action, administrative proceeding, or 
investigation which, if successful, would have a material, adverse effect 
on its properties, financial conditions or business..
 
18.13 This Agreement's terms and conditions were freely negotiated. 
Manufacturer drafted the Agreement for the convenience of the parties only. 
As such, the language shall be interpreted without regard to any rule, law 
or presumption requiring the language to be construed, interpreted or 
applied against Manufacturer.
 
18.14 Manufacturer reserves all rights not specifically granted to 
Distributor hereunder.
 
18.15 The parties hereto represent that they have each consulted with 
counsel of their own choosing in connection with the negotiation and 
execution of this agreement or have knowingly chosen not to do so.
 

ORBITAL GROUP, LLC.:

By:___________________________
Name: Andrew Uribe
Title: Manager


EMY’S SALSA AJI DISTRIBUTION COMPANY, INC.:

By:___________________________
Name: Jean Young
Title: Vice President
 
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Exhibit A
 
 
Products Line:
 
Mild Salsa
Spicy Salsa
 
 
Territory:
New York
New Jersey
Connecticut
Vermont
Massachusetts
Maine
Rhode Island
 
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Exhibit B
Distributor Price List
 
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Exhibit C
Payment Terms and Conditions
 
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 