 EX-10.3 19 v093602_ex10-3.htm
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, NONCOMPETITION
AND INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT
 
In consideration of the rights and entitlements described in the November 
10, 2007 Separation Agreement and General Release (“Separation Agreement”) 
among Blomenco B.V. (the “Consultant”) HydroGen L.L.C. (the “Company”) and 
Leo Blomen (“Mr. Blomen”), Consultant and Mr. Blomen agree to the 
following, intending to be legally bound:
 
1.  Confidential Information.
 
(a)  Company Information. Consultant and Mr. Blomen agree at all times 
during the term of their consulting arrangement with the Company and 
thereafter, to hold in strictest confidence, and not to use, except for the 
benefit of the Company, any Confidential Information of the Company. They 
understand that “Confidential Information” means any Company proprietary or 
confidential information, technical data, trade secrets or know-how, 
including, but not limited to, research, product plans, products, services, 
customer lists and customers (including, but not limited to, customers of 
the Company on whom Consultant and/or Mr. Blomen calls or with whom they 
become acquainted during the term of their consulting arrangement), 
customer contacts, customer purchasing practices, markets, software, 
developments, inventions, processes, formulas, technology, designs, 
drawings, engineering, marketing, distribution and sales methods and 
systems, sales and profit figures, finances, personnel information 
including but not limited to regarding compensation, skills and duties, and 
other business information that they learn of, obtain, or that is disclosed 
to them during the course of their consulting relationship, either directly 
or indirectly, in writing, orally or by drawings or inspection of documents 
or other tangible property. However, Confidential Information does not 
include any of the foregoing items which has been made generally available 
to the public and become publicly known through no wrongful act of 
Consultant and/or Mr. Blomen, or any information known to Mr. Blomen prior 
to or outside of his affiliation with the Company that does not relate to 
Prior Inventions, Inventions or Intellectual Property Rights as defined 
below.
 
(b)  Former Employer Information. Consultant and Mr. Blomen agree that they 
will not, during their consulting relationship with the Company, improperly 
use or disclose any proprietary information or trade secrets of any other 
person or entity, if any, with whom Consultant and/or Mr. Blomen have an 
agreement or duty to keep such information or secrets confidential, if any, 
and that they will not bring onto the premises of the Company any 
unpublished document or proprietary information belonging to such other 
person or entity unless consented to in writing by such person or entity.
 
(c)  Third Party Information. Consultant and Mr. Blomen recognize that the 
Company has received and in the future will receive from third parties 
(including customers of the Company) their confidential or proprietary 
information subject to a duty on the Company’s part to maintain the 
confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited 
purposes. Consultant and Mr. Blomen agree to hold all such confidential or 
proprietary information in the strictest confidence and not to disclose it 
to any person or entity or to use it except as necessary in carrying out 
their work for the Company, consistent with the Company’s agreement with 
such third party.
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
2.  Inventions.
 
(a)  Inventions Retained and Licensed. Consultant and Mr. Blomen assign to 
the Company  all world-wide rights, title and interest in any and all 
inventions, original works of authorship, developments, improvements, and 
trade secrets which were made by either or both of them from May 3, 2001 to 
the date of this Agreement, which relate in any way to the Company’s 
business, products or research and development, or proposed business, 
products, research or development, including but not limited to any patents 
filed or issued before or after the date of this Agreement  (collectively 
referred to as “ Assigned Prior Inventions”).   Consultant and Mr. Blomen 
grant to the Company an exclusive (including as to Mr. Blomen and 
Blomenco), perpetual, irrevocable, assignable, transferable, world-wide 
royalty free license in the Company's Industry of any and all inventions, 
original works of authorship, developments, improvements, and trade secrets 
which were made by either or both of them prior to May 3, 2001, which 
relate in any way to the Company’s business, products or research and 
development, or proposed business, products, research or development, 
including but not limited to any patents filed or issued before or after 
the date of this Agreement  (collectively referred to as “Licensed Prior 
Inventions”); provided that such license shall become non-exclusive on the 
later of three years from the date of this Agreement and eighteen months 
from the date of termination of that certain Consulting Services Agreement 
by and among Mr. Blomen, Consultant and the Company. Assigned Prior 
Inventions and Licensed Prior Inventions are referred to collectively as 
"Prior Inventions". Consultant and Mr. Blomen represent and warrant that 
they have not assigned or licensed any Prior Inventions to any person or 
entity other than the Company. As used herein, the "Company's Industry" 
shall mean products, services and technology related in any way to medium 
and high temperature fuel cell power plants for applications greater than 1 
megawatt.  This license includes the use the Prior Inventions for any 
purpose in the Company's Industry, including, without limitation, the right 
to make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, import, disclose, practice, 
have practiced (including the right to create derivative works), and 
otherwise exploit the Prior Inventions.  The Company shall have the right 
(but not the obligation) to elect to take legal action to enforce its 
rights in the event of any infringement, violation or misappropriation by a 
third party, including, without limitation, settlement discussions relating 
to, and any declaratory judgment action arising from, such infringement, 
violation or misappropriation of the Prior Inventions. 
 
(b)  Assignment of Inventions. Consultant and Mr. Blomen agree that they 
will promptly make full written disclosure to the Company, will hold in 
trust for the sole right and benefit of the Company, and hereby assign to 
the Company, or its designee, all their right, title, and interest in and 
to any and all inventions, original works of authorship, developments, 
concepts, improvements or trade secrets, whether or not patentable or 
registrable under copyright or similar laws, which they may solely or 
jointly conceive or develop or reduce to practice, or cause to be conceived 
or developed or reduced to practice, from the date hereof until the 
cessation of the consulting relationship with the Company (collectively 
referred to as “Inventions”), including any and all intellectual property 
rights inherent in the Inventions and appurtenant thereto including, 
without limitation, all patent rights, copyrights, trademarks, know-how and 
trade secrets (collectively referred to as “Intellectual Property Rights”). 
Consultant and Mr. Blomen further acknowledge that all original works of 
authorship which are made by them (solely or jointly with others) within 
the scope of their consulting relationship with the Company and which are 
protectable by copyright are “works made for hire,” as that term is defined 
in the United States Copyright Act.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c)  Maintenance of Records. Consultant and Mr. Blomen agree to keep and 
maintain adequate and current records of all Inventions made by them 
(solely or jointly with others) during the term of their consulting 
relationship with the Company. The records will be in the form of notes, 
sketches, drawings, and any other format that may be specified by the 
Company. The records will be available to and remain the sole property of 
the Company at all times.
 
(d)  Patent and Copyright Registrations. Consultant and Mr. Blomen agree to 
assist the Company, or its designee, at the Company’s expense, in every 
proper way to secure the Company’s rights in the Inventions and any 
Intellectual Property Rights related thereto in any and all countries, 
including the disclosure to the Company of all pertinent information and 
data with respect thereto, the execution of all applications, 
specifications, oaths, assignments and all other instruments which the 
Company shall deem necessary in order to apply for and obtain such rights 
and in order to assign and convey to the Company the sole and exclusive 
right, title and interest in and to such Inventions and any Intellectual 
Property Rights relating thereto. Consultant and Mr. Blomen further agree 
that their obligation to execute or cause to be executed, when it is in my 
power to do so, any such instrument or papers shall continue after the 
termination of this Agreement and/or the Consulting Services Agreement. If 
the Company is unable because of Consultant’s or Mr. Blomen’s mental or 
physical incapacity or for any other reason to secure the appropriate 
signature to apply for or to pursue any application for any United States 
or foreign Intellectual Property Right covering Inventions assigned to the 
Company as above, then Consultant and Mr. Blomen hereby irrevocably 
designate and appoint Company and its duly authorized officers and agents 
as their agent and attorney in fact, to act for and in their behalf and 
stead to execute and file any such applications and to do all other 
lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of letters 
patent, or copyright, trademark or other registrations thereon with the 
same legal force and effect as if executed by Consultant and/or Mr. Blomen.
 
3.  Noncompetition, Nonsolicitation, Etc.
 
(a)  During Consultant’s and Mr. Blomen’s consulting relationship with the 
Company and for the periods set forth below after the termination of their 
consulting relationship with the Company for any reason whatsoever, 
Consultant and Mr. Blomen shall not, directly or indirectly:
 
(i)  for a period of eighteen (18) months after such termination, on 
Consultant’s or Mr. Blomen’s own behalf or in the service or on behalf of 
others, solicit, encourage, recruit or attempt to persuade any person to 
terminate such person’s employment with the Company, whether or not such 
person is a full-time employee or whether or not such employment is 
pursuant to a written agreement or is at-will.
 
(ii)  for a period of one (1) year after such termination, employ or 
establish a business relationship with, or encourage or assist any person 
or entity to employ or establish a business relationship with, any 
individual who was employed by the Company during the preceding twelve 
month period.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(iii)  for a period of one (1) year after such termination, direct or do 
any act or thing which may interfere with or adversely affect the 
relationship (contractual or otherwise) of the Company with any person or 
entity that is a Customer, Prospective Customer, vendor or contractor of 
the Company, or otherwise induce or attempt to induce any such person or 
entity to cease doing business, reduce or otherwise limit its business with 
the Company.
 
(iv)  for a period of one (1) year from such termination, solicit business 
from any Customer or Prospective Customer, or do business with any Customer 
of the Company in competition with the Company or contrary to the Company’s 
interests.
 
(v)  for a period of one (1) year after such termination, directly or 
indirectly, engage in or be associated with (as a principal, agent, 
consultant, partner, director, officer, employee, stockholder, investor or 
otherwise) any person or entity that directly or indirectly, engages in or 
plans to engage in, the design, development, invention, implementation, 
application, manufacture, production, marketing, sale or license of medium 
and high temperature fuel cell power plants for applications greater than 
one megawatt. Consultant and Mr. Blomen are prohibited from engaging in or 
being associated with (as described above) any person or entity that 
engages in or plans to engage in the activities described in this 
subsection (v) in any state in the continental United States, the United 
Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany, France, Belgium, Switzerland, Austria 
and Italy, as well as in any other state or foreign country in which the 
Company does business or is planning to do business.
 
(b)  For purposes of subparagraph (a) above, (i) ”Customer” shall mean 
those persons or entities for whom or which the Company performed services 
or to whom or which the Company sold or licensed its products, during the 
twelve months preceding the cessation of the consulting relationship, and 
(ii) “Prospective Customer” shall mean persons or entities whose business 
was solicited by the Company during the twelve months preceding the 
cessation of the consulting relationship.
 
(c)  Consultant and Mr. Blomen acknowledge and agree that (i) the Company 
does business and/or plans to conduct business throughout the continental 
Unites States and in Western Europe, (ii) the Confidential Information that 
they learn of, obtain, or that is disclosed to them during the course of 
the consulting relationship, is capable of being used anywhere in the world 
to compete against the Company in the markets in which it does business 
and/or plans to conduct business; (iii) the covenants set forth in Sections 
1, 2, 3 and 4 of this Agreement are reasonable and necessary in order to 
protect the legitimate interests of the Company and Consultant and Mr. 
Blomen are receiving adequate consideration hereunder; (iv) the Company 
will not have any adequate remedy at law if Consultant and/or Mr. Blomen 
violate the terms hereof or fails to perform any of my obligations under 
Sections 1, 2, 3 and 4 of this Agreement; and (v) the Company shall have 
the right, in addition to any other rights either may have under applicable 
law, to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction preliminary and 
permanent injunctive relief to restrain any breach or threatened breach of, 
or otherwise to specifically enforce any such covenant or any other 
obligations under Sections 1, 2, 3 and 4 of this Agreement, as well as to 
obtain damages and an equitable accounting of all earnings, profits and 
other benefits arising from such violation, which rights shall be 
cumulative and in addition to any other rights or remedies to which the 
Company may be entitled.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(d)  If the period of time or scope of any restriction set forth in this 
Agreement should be adjudged unreasonable in any proceeding, then the 
period of time shall be reduced by such number of months or the scope of 
the restriction shall be modified, or both, by a court of competent 
jurisdiction so that such restrictions may be enforceable for such time and 
in the manner to the fullest extent adjudged to be reasonable. If 
Consultant and/or Mr. Blomen violates any of the restrictions contained in 
subparagraph (a) above, then the restrictive period shall not run in their 
favor from the time of the commencement of any such violation until such 
time as such violation shall be cured by Consultant and/or Mr. Blomen.
 
4.  Returning Company Documents and Property. Consultant and Mr. Blomen 
agree that, at the time their consulting relationship with the Company 
ends, or earlier upon request, they will deliver to the Company (and will 
not keep in their possession or deliver to anyone else) any and all 
records, data, notes, reports, information, proposals, lists, 
correspondence, emails, specifications, drawings, blueprints, sketches, 
materials, other documents, or reproductions or copies (including but not 
limited to on computer discs or drives) of any aforementioned items either 
developed by Consultant and/or Mr. Blomen pursuant to their consulting 
relationship with the Company or otherwise relating to the business of the 
Company that constitute or contain Confidential Information, retaining 
neither copies nor excerpts thereof. Consultant and Mr. Blomen also agree 
that, at the time the consulting relationship with the Company ends, or 
earlier upon request, they will deliver to the Company all tangible Company 
property in their possession, including computer discs, drives and other 
equipment or devices and that if they fail to do so the Company may 
withhold from Consultant’s fees the replacement cost of Company property 
Consultant and/or Mr. Blomen have not returned. This paragraph 4 will not 
prevent Mr. Blomen from keeping any materials which solely relate to his 
knowledge or information prior to coming to the Company, or documents which 
solely relate to his own or Blomenco’s compensation.
 
5.  General Provisions.
 
(a)  Governing Law and Forum. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
interpreted in accordance with the laws of Pennsylvania, without giving 
effect to any conflict of laws provisions. Any court action instituted by 
Consultant and/or Mr. Blomen or on their behalf relating in any way to this 
Agreement or their consulting relationship with the Company shall be filed 
exclusively in federal or state court in the County of Allegheny, State of 
Pennsylvania and Consultant and Mr. Blomen consent to the jurisdiction and 
venue of these courts in any action instituted by the Company against one 
or both of them.
 
(b)  Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Separation Agreement and all 
agreements and exhibits attached thereto set forth the entire agreement and 
understanding between the Company and/or HydroGen Corporation with 
Consultant and/or Mr. Blomen, and merges all prior discussions between 
them. No modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of 
any rights under this Agreement, will be effective unless in writing signed 
by Consultant, Mr. Blomen and the Company’s President or Chief Executive 
Officer. Any subsequent change or changes in Consultant’s and/or Mr. 
Blomen’s duties or fees, or termination of their relationship with the 
Company, will not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c)  Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or application 
thereof to anyone or under any circumstances is adjudicated to be invalid 
or unenforceable by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction, such 
invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or 
application of this Agreement which can be given effect without the invalid 
or unenforceable provision or application and shall not invalidate or 
render unenforceable such provision or application in any other 
jurisdiction.
 
(d)  Successors and Assigns. This Agreement will be binding upon 
Consultant’s successors and on Mr. Blomen’s heirs, executors, 
administrators and other legal representatives. This Agreement may be 
assigned by the Company and its successors without Consultant’s and/or Mr. 
Blomen’s consent, and will be binding upon any successors or assigns of the 
Company or their successors or assigns.
 
6.  Representations and Warranties. Consultant and Mr. Blomen represent and 
warrant that they are not under any obligations to any third parties which 
prohibit, restrict or could interfere in any way with the performance of 
their duties as a consultant to the Company and that their consulting 
relationship with Company will not breach any agreement by which either 
Consultant or Mr. Blomen am bound, including, without limitation, with any 
of Mr. Blomen’s former employers or any other companies with which 
Consultant and/or Mr. Blomen have or have had consulting relationships. 
Consultant and Mr. Blomen represent and warrant that there are no legal or 
contractual impediments to Consultant and Mr. Blomen being able to fully 
undertake any work on behalf of the Company, including but not limited to 
agreements not to compete.
 
7.  Acknowledgement. Consultant and Mr. Blomen acknowledge and agree (i) 
that they have had the opportunity to consult with independent counsel of 
their own choice concerning this Agreement and has been advised to do so by 
the Company, and (ii) that they have read and understand the Agreement, are 
fully aware of its legal effect, and have entered into it freely based on 
their own judgment.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
BLOMENCO, B.V.:
 
  	  	  	  	 
By: 	/s/ Leo Blomen 	  	Date: 	11/10/07
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leo Blomen 	  	  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
LEO BLOMEN INDIVIDUALLY:
 
  	  	  	  	 
/s/ Leo Blomen 	  	Date: 	11/10/07
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leo Blomen 	  	  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------