 EX-10 28 exhibit1016.htm EXHIBIT 10.16
Exhibit 10.16 TechSphere Letter Agreement – Extension of Territory and 
Agreement Revision

The Dependable Biometrics



TechSphere Co., Ltd.

980-54 Keumyoung Bd. 4F. Bangbae, Seocho, Seoul, Korea   Tel: 
+82-2-523-4715   Fax: +82-2-523-4765



To: the Board of Directors, Identica Holdings Corporation,

Re: Extension of Territory and Agreement Revision

Date: September 15, 2007



Dear Board of Directors:

This correspondence is intended to confirm that Techsphere Co., Ltd. 
(“Techsphere”) and Identica Holdings Corporation (“Identica”) are in the 
final stages of amending the exiting Distributorship Agreement in two 
significant aspects:

      1.
      Extending Identica’s existing distribution territory of Canada, the
      United States of America, Mexico and the Caribbean basin to include
      Central, South America, all of Europe, Israel and Russian Federation;
      and

      2.
      Determining and agreeing upon a series of structured payments by
      Identica to Techsphere during the five year period from 2008 through
      2012, and renewable thereafter in perpetuity in five year increments.
      We have conceptually agreed that the purpose of the structured
      payments is to eliminate the quotas as referred to in the existing
      Distributorship Agreement, and replacing them with a scheduled
      revenue stream allowing Identica greater flexibility in expanding its
      presence in the extended marketing area and thereby eliminating any
      possibility of a missed sales quota impacting the marketing
      relationship between the parties.

   I am pleased to advise that we have reached complete agreement on the
   territorial expansion as hereinabove indicated and have conceptually
   agreed upon a minimum quantity payment concept.

   The purpose of this writing is to advise all interested participants
   that they may rely upon Identica’s increased territorial representations
   as our new Agreement regardless of the ongoing negotiations as to the
   quota elimination portion of the Agreement.


   Respectfully

   Techsphere Co., Ltd.


   Alex Choi, CEO & President


