 EX-10.3 3 dex103.htm SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN
Exhibit 10.3


FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF INDIANAPOLIS
2005 SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN


(Amended and Restated Generally Effective as of January 1, 2008)


Krieg DeVault LLP
One Indiana Square, Suite 2800
Indianapolis, IN 46204-2079
www.kriegdevault.com

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ADOPTION OF
FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF INDIANAPOLIS
2005 SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN


Pursuant to resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Federal 
Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis (the “Bank”), the undersigned officers of 
the Bank hereby adopt the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis 2005 
Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, amended and restated generally 
effective as of January 1, 2008, on behalf of the Bank, in the form 
attached hereto.


Dated this              day of                     , 2007.
 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF INDIANAPOLIS
By: 	  	 
  	Paul C. Clabuesch, Chairman
By: 	  	 
  	Charles L. Crow, Vice Chairman
 
ATTEST:
By: 	  	 
  	Jonathan R. West, Corporate Secretary
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF INDIANAPOLIS
2005 SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIRMENT PLAN


TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	PAGE

 ARTICLE I INTRODUCTION

   	1

   Section 1.1

   	

 Purpose

   	1

   Section 1.2

   	

 Effective Date; Plan Year

   	1

   Section 1.3

   	

 Administration

   	1

   Section 1.4

   	

 Supplements

   	1

   Section 1.5

   	

 Definitions

   	1

 ARTICLE II ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION

   	2

   Section 2.1

   	

 Eligibility

   	2

   Section 2.2

   	

 Participation

   	2

 ARTICLE III BENEFITS

   	3

   Section 3.1

   	

 Amount of Benefit

   	3

   Section 3.2

   	

 Death Benefit

   	4

   Section 3.3

   	

 Military Service

   	4

 ARTICLE IV BENEFIT PAYMENTS

   	4

   Section 4.1

   	

 Time of Payment of Benefits

   	4

   Section 4.2

   	

 Method of Payment

   	5

   Section 4.3

   	

 Method of Payment Elections

   	5

   Section 4.4

   	

 Disability and Death

   	6

   Section 4.5

   	

 Acceleration of Time of Payment

   	6

 ARTICLE V PLAN ADMINISTRATION

   	8

   Section 5.1

   	

 Appointment of the Committee

   	8

   Section 5.2

   	

 Powers and Responsibilities of the Committee

   	9

   Section 5.3

   	

 Liabilities

   	9

   Section 5.4

   	

 Income and Employment Tax Withholding

   	9

   Section 5.5

   	

 Disclosure to Participant Upon Termination of Employment

   	10

   Section 5.6

   	

 Expenses

   	10
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 ARTICLE VI BENEFIT CLAIMS

   	10

 ARTICLE VII FUNDING AND TRANSFERS

   	10

   Section 7.1

   	

 Unfunded Status

   	10

 ARTICLE VIII AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN

   	11

   Section 8.1

   	

 Amendment of the Plan

   	11

   Section 8.2

   	

 Termination of the Plan

   	11

 ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS

   	11

   Section 9.1

   	

 Governing Law

   	11

   Section 9.2

   	

 Headings and Gender

   	11

   Section 9.3

   	

 Spendthrift Clause

   	11

   Section 9.4

   	

 Counterparts

   	11

   Section 9.5

   	

 No Enlargement of Employment Rights

   	11

   Section 9.6

   	

 Limitations on Liability

   	12

   Section 9.7

   	

 Incapacity of Participant or Beneficiary

   	12

   Section 9.8

   	

 Evidence

   	12

   Section 9.9

   	

 Action by Bank

   	12

   Section 9.10

   	

 Severability

   	12

   Section 9.11

   	

 Information to be Furnished by a Participant

   	12

   Section 9.12

   	

 Attorneys’ Fees

   	12

   Section 9.13

   	

 Binding on Successors

   	12

 SUPPLEMENT A CLAIMS AND REVIEW PROCEDURES

   	A-1

 SUPPLEMENT B EXTENDED EARLY RETIREMENT WINDOW

   	B-1
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE I


INTRODUCTION


Section 1.1 Purpose. The purpose of the Federal Home Loan Bank of 
Indianapolis 2005 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (the “Plan”) is to 
provide certain management or highly compensated employees of the Federal 
Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis (the “Bank”), supplemental retirement 
benefits to help recompense the employees for benefits reduced under the 
qualified retirement plan sponsored by the Bank due to benefit limits 
imposed under Sections 401(a)(17) and 415 of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”). It is the intention of the Bank that the 
Plan constitute a deferred compensation arrangement that complies with Code 
Section 409A. Consequently, the Plan will be administered and its 
provisions interpreted consistently with that intention.


Section 1.2 Effective Date; Plan Year. The “Effective Date” of the Plan is 
January 1, 2008. The “Plan Year” is the 12-month period beginning on each 
January 1 and ending on the next following December 31.


Section 1.3 Administration. The Plan will be administered by an 
administrative committee (“Committee”) appointed by the Bank’s Board of 
Directors (“Board”), which initially will be the Human Resources Committee 
of the Board. The Committee, from time to time, may adopt any rules and 
procedures it deems necessary or desirable for the proper and efficient 
administration of the Plan that are consistent with the terms of the Plan. 
Any notice or document required to be given or filed with the Committee 
will be properly given or filed if delivered to or mailed, by registered 
mail, postage paid, to the Corporate Secretary of the Board of Directors, 
Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis, 8250 Woodfield Crossing Blvd., 
Suite 400, Indianapolis, Indiana 46240.


Section 1.4 Supplements. The provisions of the Plan may be modified by 
supplements to the Plan. The terms and provisions of each supplement are a 
part of the Plan and supersede any other provisions of the Plan to the 
extent necessary to eliminate any inconsistencies between the supplement 
and any other Plan provisions.


Section 1.5 Definitions. The following terms are defined in the Plan in the 
following Sections:
 
Term
   	Plan Section

 Acceleration Event

   	4.5

 Adverse Benefit Determination

   	A-3

 Bank

   	1.1

 Benefit Claim

   	A-1

 Board

   	1.3

 Claimant

   	A-1

 Code

   	1.1

 Committee

   	1.3

 Disabled

   	4.4(b)

 Effective Date

   	1.2

 FICA

   	4.5(b)

 Frozen SERP

   	3.1(c)

 Frozen SETP

   	3.1(a)

 Participant

   	2.1

 Participant Benefit

   	3.1

 Plan

   	1.1

 Plan Year

   	1.2

 Retirement Allowance

   	3.1

 Retirement Plan

   	2.1

 Salary

   	3.1

 Separation from Service

   	4.1

 Termination of Employment

   	4.1

 Trust

   	6.1

 2005 SETP

   	3.1(a)

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE II


ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION


Section 2.1 Eligibility. Any employee of the Bank who is a member of the 
Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis Retirement Plan as documented by the 
Regulations Governing the Comprehensive Retirement Program of the Financial 
Institutions Retirement Fund (“Retirement Plan”) or who is not a member of 
the Retirement Plan because the employee has not yet met the Retirement 
Plan’s service requirements, is eligible to become a “Participant” in the 
Plan, provided the employee is designated as a Participant by the Committee 
or the Bank in writing. Any employee of the Bank who is a member of the 
Retirement Plan or who is not a member of the Retirement Plan because the 
employee has not yet met the Retirement Plan service requirements and who 
is an officer with a title of Vice President or a higher officer level, is 
automatically eligible to become a “Participant” in the Plan without the 
need for designation by the Board.


Section 2.2 Participation. A designated employee or otherwise eligible 
employee will become a Participant as of the later of the Effective Date, 
the date specified by the Board or the date the employee satisfies the 
automatic eligibility provisions described in Section 2.1. A Participant 
may be removed as an active Participant by the Board effective as of any 
date, so that the Participant will not be entitled to accrue additional 
benefits under Article III on or after that date.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE III


BENEFITS


Section 3.1 Amount of Benefit. The amount, if any, of the benefit payable 
to or on account of a Participant pursuant to the Plan (“Participant 
Benefit”) will equal the excess of (a) less (b) less (c), the result of 
which will be actuarially adjusted by the factor in (d), where:
 
  	(a) 	is the Participant’s Retirement Allowance (as defined by the 
Retirement Plan) that would otherwise be payable to or on account of the 
Participant under the Retirement Plan calculated as of the first day of the 
month coincident with or next following the Participant’s date of 
termination on the basis of the lump sum form of payment (as defined by the 
Retirement Plan), determined as if the provisions of the Retirement Plan 
were administered without regard to the limitations imposed by Code 
Sections 401(a)(17) and 415 and, in the case of an employee whom the Board 
authorized to become a Participant prior to meeting the eligibility service 
requirement of the Retirement Plan, without regard to the eligibility 
service requirement of the Retirement Plan (for purposes of determining the 
Retirement Allowance under this subsection (a), any salary deferrals made 
by or on account of the Participant under the Federal Home Loan Bank of 
Indianapolis Supplemental Executive Thrift Plan (“Frozen SETP”) or 2005 
Supplemental Executive Thrift Plan (“2005 SETP”) are to be included as 
salary); and
 
  	(b) 	is the Participant’s Retirement Allowance (as defined by the 
Retirement Plan) that is or would be payable to or on account of the 
Participant under the Retirement Plan calculated as of the first day of the 
month coincident with or next following the Participant’s date of 
termination on the basis of the lump sum form of payment (as defined by the 
Retirement Plan); and
 
  	(c) 	is the Participant’s accrued benefit under the Federal Home Loan 
Bank of Indianapolis Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (“Frozen SERP”) 
that would have been payable to or on account of the Participant under the 
Frozen SERP calculated as if the Participant had terminated employment on 
December 31, 2004 and collected the Frozen SERP on the basis of the lump 
sum form of payment at the earliest date allowable under the Retirement 
Plan discounted back to December 31, 2004 using the actuarial equivalence 
factors for lump sum payments (as defined by the Retirement Plan) and 
increased with such interest only to the date of termination. In no event 
will the amount of the Frozen SERP determined in this section exceed the 
amount that would be payable under the terms of the 2005 SERP as of the 
date of termination without regard to the Frozen SERP.
 
  	(d) 	the net result of calculating (a) less (b) less (c), above, is a 
lump sum amount that will be adjusted to an actuarial equivalent benefit 
payable in the form of payment elected by the Participant pursuant to 
Section 4.3 of this Plan (using the actuarial equivalence factors as 
defined in the Retirement Plan for purposes of electing a lump sum option 
under the Retirement Plan).
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 3.2 Death Benefit. In the event of the death of a Participant prior 
to age 65, the Participant Benefit will equal the excess of (a) less (b) 
less (c), adjusted for the factors in (d), as determined by the Committee, 
where:
 
  	(a) 	is the death benefit (as defined by the Retirement Plan) that would 
otherwise be payable to the Participant’s Beneficiary under the Retirement 
Plan if the provisions of the Retirement Plan were administered without 
regard to the limitations imposed by Code Sections 401(a)(17) and 415 (for 
purposes of determining the Participant Benefit under this subsection (a), 
any salary deferrals made by or on account of the Participant under the 
Frozen SETP or 2005 SETP are to be included as salary); and
 
  	(b) 	is the death benefit that is payable to the Participant’s 
Beneficiary under the Retirement Plan; and
 
  	(c) 	is the Participant’s accrued death benefit under the Frozen SERP.
 
  	(d) 	The result of calculating (a) less (b) less (c), above, will be 
adjusted by applying the actuarial factors provided by the Retirement Plan, 
to convert the result to the lump sum form of benefit.


Section 3.3 Military Service. Not withstanding any provision of this Plan 
to the contrary, contributions and benefits with respect to qualified 
military service will be provided in accordance with Code Section 414(u).


ARTICLE IV


BENEFIT PAYMENTS


Section 4.1 Time of Payment of Benefits. Except as provided in Section 4.5, 
a Participant will receive or will begin to receive payment of his 
Participant Benefit within 120 days following the date of the Participant’s 
Separation from Service. “Separation from Service” means the date on which 
the Participant dies, retires or otherwise experiences a Termination of 
Employment with the Bank. Provided, however, a Separation from Service does 
not occur if the Participant is on military leave, sick leave, or other 
“bona fide leave of absence” if the period of such leave does not exceed 
six months, or if the leave is for a longer period, so long as the 
individual’s right to reemployment with the Bank is provided either by 
statute or by contract. For purposes of this subsection, a leave of absence 
constitutes a “bona fide leave of absence” only if there is a reasonable 
expectation that the Participant will return to perform services for the 
Bank. If the period of leave exceeds six months and the Participant’s right 
to reemployment is not provided either by statute or contract, there will 
be a Separation from Service on the first date immediately following such 
six-month period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where a leave of absence 
is due to any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can 
be expected to result in death or last for a continuous period of not less 
than six months, where such impairment cause the Participant to be unable 
to perform the duties of his or her position of employment or any 
substantially similar position of employment,
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
a 29-month period of absence may be substituted for such six-month period. 
An Employee will incur a “Termination of Employment” when a termination of 
employment is incurred under Treasury Regulation §1.409A-1(h)(ii).


Section 4.2 Method of Payment. Except as provided in Sections 4.5 and 4.6, 
the Participant Benefit will be distributed in cash in one of the following 
methods effectively elected by the Participant:
 
  	(a) 	A single lump sum payment;
 
  	(b) 	Annual installment payments over a period of 2 to 20 years; or
 
  	(c) 	A combination of the methods specified in subsections (a) and (b).


However, if the Participant Benefit is less than $10,000, then the entire 
benefit will be paid in a single lump sum payment regardless of any 
Participant election to the contrary.


Section 4.3 Method of Payment Elections.
 
  	(a) 	Initial Election. A Participant may elect the manner in which his 
Plan benefit will be paid to him under Section 4.2 in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of this Section. To make an election, a Participant 
must file an election with the Committee (on a form or forms prescribed by 
the Committee). To be effective, the election under this Section must be 
filed with the Committee no later the time the Participant first begins to 
accrue a benefit under the Plan (or under any other plan required to be 
aggregated with this Plan pursuant to the requirements of Code Section 
409A). If no election is made or if the election is not timely or properly 
made, distribution will be made in the form of a single lump sum payment.
 
  	(b) 	Change of Method of Payment Election. An election as to the manner 
of payment may not be changed after the payment has been made or payments 
have commenced. Prior to that time, a Participant may change his election 
by filing a new election form with the Committee; provided, however, that: 
(i) the new election will not take effect until at least 12 months after 
the date the new election is filed; (ii) the single lump sum payment or the 
commencement of installment payments with respect to which such election is 
made must be deferred for a period of not less than five years from the 
date such payment would otherwise have been made; and (iii) the new 
election is filed at least 12 months prior to the date of the first 
scheduled payment under the Plan.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 4.4 Disability and Death. In the event a Participant Separates from 
Service due to the Participant’s Disability or if the Participant dies or 
becomes Disabled before he has received his entire Plan benefit, the unpaid 
balance will be paid to the Participant, or in the event of his death, to 
his designated beneficiary or beneficiaries, in a single lump sum within 
120 days following a determination by the Committee that the Participant is 
Disabled, or within 120 days following the Participant’s death.
 
  	(a) 	Beneficiary Designations. A Participant may designate a beneficiary 
or beneficiaries to receive any amount payable under this Section as a 
result of his death. A Participant may change his designation of 
beneficiaries at any time by filing with the Committee a written notice of 
the change on a form approved by the Committee. Each beneficiary 
designation filed with the Committee will cancel all previously filed 
beneficiary designations. If no designation is in effect on the 
Participant’s death, or if the designated beneficiary does not survive the 
Participant, his beneficiary will be his surviving spouse, if any, and then 
his estate.
 
  	(b) 	Disability. A person is “Disabled” for purposes of the Plan if the 
Participant in question is unable to engage in any substantial gainful 
activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental 
impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to 
last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. A Participant who, 
by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that 
can be expected to result in death or last for a continuous period of not 
less than 12 months, is receiving income replacement benefits for a period 
of not less than three months under an accident and health plan sponsored 
by an Employer will be deemed to be Disabled. The Committee will be the 
sole and final judge of whether a Participant is Disabled for purposes of 
this Plan, after consideration of any evidence it may require, including 
the reports of any physician or physicians it may designate.


Section 4.5 Acceleration of Time of Payment. Except as provided in this 
Section, the time or schedule of payment of a Participant Benefit provided 
in Sections 4.1 through 4.4 may not be accelerated. The time or schedule of 
payment of a Participant Benefit may be accelerated in the following 
circumstances, each of which is an “Acceleration Event,” to a time that is 
no later than 120 days following the Committee’s determination that one of 
the Acceleration Events has occurred, and payment will be made in the form 
of a single lump sum:
 
  	(a) 	Domestic Relations Order. The time or schedule of a payment of a 
Participant’s Benefit may be accelerated to make a payment to an individual 
other than the Participant as may be necessary to fulfill a domestic 
relations order (as defined in Code Section 414(p)(1)(B)).
 
  	(b) 	Income Inclusion Under Code Section 409A. The time or schedule of 
payment of a Participant Benefit under the Plan may be accelerated to pay 
the income tax, interest and penalties imposed if the Plan fails to meet 
the requirements of Code Section 409A and related regulations; provided, 
however, such payment will not exceed the amount required to be included in 
income as a result of the failure to comply with the requirements of Code 
Section 409A and related regulations.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(c) 	Payment of Employment Taxes. The time or schedule of a payment of a 
Participant’s Benefit may be accelerated to pay the Federal Insurance 
Contribution Act (“FICA”) tax imposed under Code Sections 3101, 3121(a) and 
3121(v)(2) on compensation deferred under the Plan. Additionally, the time 
or schedule of a payment of a Participant’s Benefit may be accelerated 
under the Plan to pay the income tax at source on wages imposed under Code 
Section 3401 or the corresponding withholding provisions of state, local or 
foreign tax laws as a result of payment of the FICA amount, and to pay the 
additional income tax at source on wages attributable to the pyramiding 
section 3401 wages and taxes. However, the total payment under this 
paragraph will not exceed the aggregate of the FICA amount and the related 
income tax withholding on such FICA amount.
 
  	(d) 	Plan Termination. The time or schedule of payment or commencement 
of payments from a Participant’s Benefit may be accelerated when the Plan 
is terminated in accordance with one of the following and the Participant’s 
Benefit is calculated as if the Participant Separated from Service on the 
date of the Plan termination:
 
  	(i) 	The Company terminates the Plan within 12 months of a corporate 
dissolution taxed under Code Section 331, or with the approval of a 
bankruptcy court pursuant to 11 U.S.C. §503(b)(1)(A), provided that the 
amounts deferred under the Plan are included in the Participants’ gross 
incomes in the latest of the following years (or, if earlier, the taxable 
year in which the amount is constructively received).
 
  	A. 	The calendar year in which the Plan termination and liquidation 
occurs;
 
  	B. 	The first calendar year in which the amount is no longer subject to 
a substantial risk of forfeiture; or
 
  	C. 	The first calendar year in which the payment is administratively 
practicable.
 
  	(ii) 	The Company’s irrevocable action to terminate and liquidate the 
Plan within the 30 days preceding or the 12 months following a change in 
control (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)). For purposes of 
this subsection, the Plan may be terminated only if all agreements, 
methods, programs, and other arrangements sponsored by the Employer 
immediately after the time of the change in control with respect to which 
deferrals of compensation are treated as having been deferred under a 
single plan under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(c)(2) are terminated and 
liquidated with respect to each Participant that experienced the change in 
control, so that under the terms of the termination and liquidation all 
such Participants are required to receive all amounts of compensation 
deferred under the Plan and other arrangements within 12 months of the date 
the Company irrevocably takes all necessary action to terminate and 
liquidate the Plan and other arrangements.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(iii) 	The Company’s termination and liquidation of the Plan, provided 
that:
 
  	A. 	The termination and liquidation does not occur proximate to a 
downturn in the financial health of the Company;
 
  	B. 	The Company terminates and liquidates all agreements, programs, and 
other arrangements that would be aggregated under Treasury Regulation 
§1.409A-1(c) if the Participant had deferrals of compensation under all of 
the agreements, methods, programs, and other arrangements that are 
terminated and liquidated;
 
  	C. 	No payments in liquidation of the Plan are made within 12 months of 
the date the Company takes all necessary action to irrevocably terminate 
and liquidate the plan other than payments that would be payable under the 
terms of the Plan if the action to terminate and liquidate the Plan had not 
occurred;
 
  	D. 	All payments are made within 24 months of the date the Company takes 
all necessary action to irrevocably terminate and liquidate the Plan; and
 
  	E. 	The Company does not adopt a new plan or arrangement that would be 
aggregated with any terminated and liquidated plan or arrangement under 
Treasury Regulation §1.409A-1(c) if the same Participant participated in 
both plans or arrangements, at any time within three years following the 
date the Company takes all necessary action to irrevocably terminate and 
liquidate the Plan.
 
  	(iv) 	Limited Cashouts. The Plan may terminated and liquidate a 
Participant’s interest under the Plan up to the Code Section 402(g)(1)(B) 
limit prior to the time provided in Sections 4.1 and 4.2, provided that the 
Company comply with the requirements of Treasury Regulation. 
§1.409A-3(j)(4)(v).
 
  	(v) 	Such other events and conditions as the Internal Revenue Service 
may prescribe in generally applicable guidance published in the Internal 
Revenue Bulletin.


ARTICLE V


PLAN ADMINISTRATION


Section 5.1 Appointment of the Committee. The Committee, or a duly 
authorized officer of the Bank empowered by the Committee to act on its 
behalf under subsection 5.2(e), will be responsible for administering the 
Plan, and the Committee will be charged with the full power and the 
responsibility for administering the Plan in all its details; provided that 
the power to determine eligibility pursuant to Article II is reserved to 
the Board.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.2 Powers and Responsibilities of the Committee.
 
  	(a) 	The Committee will have all powers necessary to administer the 
Plan, including the power to construe and interpret the Plan documents; to 
decide all questions relating to an individual’s eligibility to participate 
in the Plan; to determine the amount, manner and timing of any distribution 
of benefits or withdrawal under the Plan; to resolve any claim for benefits 
in accordance with Article VI and Supplement A, and to appoint or employ 
advisors, including legal counsel, to render advice with respect to any of 
the Committee’s responsibilities under the Plan. Any construction, 
interpretation, or application of the Plan by the Committee will be final, 
conclusive and binding.
 
  	(b) 	Records and Reports. The Committee will be responsible for 
maintaining sufficient records to determine each Participant’s eligibility 
to participate in the Plan, and for purposes of determining the amount of 
contributions that may be made on behalf of the Participant under the Plan.
 
  	(c) 	Rules and Decisions. The Committee may adopt such rules as it deems 
necessary, desirable, or appropriate in the administration of the Plan. All 
rules and decisions of the Committee will be applied uniformly and 
consistently to all Participants in similar circumstances. When making a 
determination or calculation, the Committee will be entitled to rely upon 
information furnished by a Participant or beneficiary, the Bank or the 
legal counsel of the Bank.
 
  	(d) 	Application for Benefits. The Committee may require a Participant 
or beneficiary to complete and file with it an application for a benefit, 
and to furnish all pertinent information requested by it. The Committee may 
rely upon all such information so furnished to it, including the 
Participant’s or beneficiary’s current mailing address.
 
  	(e) 	Delegation. The Committee may authorize one or more officers of the 
Bank to perform administrative responsibilities on its behalf under the 
Plan. Any such duly authorized officer will have all powers necessary to 
carry out the administrative duties delegated to such officer by the 
Committee.


Section 5.3 Liabilities. The individual members of the Committee will, in 
accordance with the Bank’s by-laws, be indemnified and held harmless by the 
Bank with respect to any alleged breach of responsibilities performed or to 
be performed hereunder.


Section 5.4 Income and Employment Tax Withholding. The Bank will be 
responsible for withholding from the Participant’s compensation, from the 
contribution to the Plan, or from the distribution of the Participant’s 
benefit under the Plan, of all applicable federal, state, city and local 
taxes.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.5 Disclosure to Participant Upon Termination of Employment. 
Within 90 days of a Participant’s Separation from Service or a termination 
of the Plan, the Bank will provide the Participant a comprehensive 
statement setting forth the value of the Participant Benefit and the date 
and manner in which such benefit will be paid out to the Participant. On 
written request of a Participant, within 90 days of receipt of such 
disclosure, the Bank will engage an independent actuary, acceptable to the 
Bank and the Participant, at the Bank’s expense, to review the initial 
calculation of the Participant’s benefit. If the independent actuary’s 
benefit calculation differs from the initial calculation by 5% or more, 
either the Bank or the Participant may demand, within 90 days of receipt in 
writing of the result of the independent actuary’s benefit calculation, 
that the first two actuaries select a third actuary, who is independent of 
the first two actuaries, the Bank and the Participant, to review the 
benefit calculations and present a written determination of the Participant 
Benefit, which shall be final, subject to the claims procedure in 
Supplement A. Selection of the third actuary will be completed within 60 
days of a written request by the Bank or the Participant to the first two 
actuaries, the third actuary will complete its calculation of the 
Participant Benefit within 60 days of its engagement for that purpose. If a 
Participant requests review of the calculation of his benefit pursuant to 
the terms of this Section, payment of the Participant Benefit will not be 
made or commence until the final benefit calculation is received from the 
third actuary.


Section 5.6 Expenses. The expenses incurred for the administration and 
maintenance of the Plan will be paid by the Bank.


ARTICLE VI


BENEFIT CLAIMS


While a Participant or beneficiary need not file a claim to receive his 
benefit under the Plan, if he wishes to do so, a claim must be made in 
writing and filed with the Committee. If a claim is denied, the Committee 
will furnish the claimant with written notice of its decision. A claimant 
may request a review of the denial of a claim for benefits by filing a 
written request with the Committee. The Committee will afford the claimant 
a full and fair review of such request. The claim and claim review process 
will be conducted in accordance with the provisions of Supplement A.


ARTICLE VII


FUNDING AND TRANSFERS


Section 7.1 Unfunded Status. All benefits accrued under the Plan on behalf 
of a Participant will be credited to an irrevocable “rabbi trust” (the 
“Trust”) to provide for the benefits created by the Plan. The Trust will be 
maintained in such a fashion that the Plan at all times for purposes of 
ERISA and the Code will be unfunded and will constitute a mere promise by 
the Bank to make Plan benefit payments in the future. Any and all rights 
created under this Plan will be unsecured contractual rights against the
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bank. The Bank’s annual contribution to the Trust will be an amount equal 
to the accumulated benefit obligation calculated in accordance with 
Financial Accounting Standard No. 87 and disclosed on the Bank’s financial 
statements.


ARTICLE VIII


AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN


Section 8.1 Amendment of the Plan. The Bank may amend the Plan at any time 
in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank may not 
amend the Plan to reduce a Participant’s accrued benefit (without consent) 
as determined on the day preceding the effective date of the amendment or 
to otherwise retroactively impair or adversely affect the rights of a 
Participant or beneficiary.


Section 8.2 Termination of the Plan. The Bank may terminate the Plan at any 
time in its sole discretion. Absent an amendment to the contrary, Plan 
benefits that had accrued prior to the termination will be paid at the 
times and in the manner provided for by the Plan at the time of the 
termination.


ARTICLE IX


MISCELLANEOUS


Section 9.1 Governing Law. The Plan will be construed, regulated and 
administered according to the laws of the State of Indiana, without 
reference to that state’s choice of law principles, except in those areas 
preempted by the laws of the United States of America in which case the 
federal laws will control.


Section 9.2 Headings and Gender. The headings and subheadings in the Plan 
have been inserted for convenience of reference only and will not affect 
the construction of the Plan provisions. In any necessary construction, the 
masculine will include the feminine and the singular the plural, and vice 
versa.


Section 9.3 Spendthrift Clause. No benefit or interest available under the 
Plan will be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, 
transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, attachment or garnishment by 
creditors of a Participant or a Participant’s beneficiary, either 
voluntarily or involuntarily.


Section 9.4 Counterparts. This Plan may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each one constituting but one and the same instrument, and 
may be sufficiently evidenced by any one counterpart.


Section 9.5 No Enlargement of Employment Rights. Nothing contained in the 
Plan may be construed as a contract of employment between the Bank and any 
person, nor may the Plan be deemed to give any person the right to be 
retained in the employ of the Bank or limit the right of the Bank to employ 
or discharge any person with or without cause.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.6 Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of the Plan, neither the Bank nor any individual acting as an employee or 
agent of a Bank will be liable to a Participant or any beneficiary for any 
claim, loss, liability or expense incurred in connection with the Plan, 
except when the same has been affirmatively determined by a court order or 
by the affirmative and binding determination of an arbitrator, to be due to 
the gross negligence or willful misconduct of that person.


Section 9.7 Incapacity of Participant or Beneficiary. If any person 
entitled to receive a distribution under the Plan is physically or mentally 
incapable of personally receiving and giving a valid receipt for any 
payment due (unless a prior claim for the distribution has been made by a 
duly qualified guardian or other legal representative), then, unless and 
until a claim for the distribution has been made by a duly appointed 
guardian or other legal representative of the person, the Committee may 
provide for the distribution to be made to any other individual or 
institution then contributing toward or providing for the care and 
maintenance of the person. Any payment made for the benefit of the person 
under this Section will be a payment for the account of such person and a 
complete discharge of any liability of the Bank and the Plan.


Section 9.8 Evidence. Evidence required of anyone under the Plan may be by 
certificate, affidavit, document or other information which the person 
relying on the evidence considers pertinent and reliable, and signed, made 
or presented by the proper party or parties.


Section 9.9 Action by Bank. Any action required of or permitted by the Bank 
under the Plan will be by resolution of the Bank’s Board of Directors or by 
a person or persons authorized by resolution of the Board of Directors.


Section 9.10 Severability. In the event any provisions of the Plan are held 
to be illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity will 
not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan will be construed 
and endorsed as if the illegal or invalid provisions had never been 
contained in the Plan.


Section 9.11 Information to be Furnished by a Participant. A Participant, 
or any other person entitled to benefits under the Plan, must furnish the 
Committee with any and all documents, evidence, data or other information 
the Committee considers necessary or desirable for the purpose of 
administering the Plan. Benefit payments under the Plan are conditioned on 
a Participant (or other person who is entitled to benefits) furnishing 
full, true and complete data, evidence or other information to the 
Committee, and on the prompt execution of any document reasonably related 
to the administration of the Plan requested by the Committee.


Section 9.12 Attorneys’ Fees. If any action is commenced to enforce the 
provisions of the Plan, payment of attorneys’ fees will be governed by the 
terms set forth in the mandatory “Agreement to Arbitrate” entered into 
between the Bank and the Participant.


Section 9.13 Binding on Successors. The Plan will be binding upon and inure 
to the benefit of the Bank and its successors and assigns, and the 
successors, assigns, designees and estates of a Participant. The Plan will 
also be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor organization 
succeeding to substantially all of the assets and business of the Bank, but 
nothing in the Plan will preclude the Bank from merging or consolidating 
into or with, or transferring all or substantially all of its assets to, 
another organization which assumes the Plan and all obligations of the Bank 
hereunder. The Bank agrees that it will make appropriate provision for the 
preservation of a Participant’s rights under the Plan in any agreement or 
plan which it may enter into to effect any merger, consolidation, 
reorganization or transfer of assets. Upon such a merger, consolidation, 
reorganization, or transfer of assets and assumption of Plan obligations of 
the Bank, the term “Bank” will refer to such other organization and the 
Plan will continue in full force and effect.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUPPLEMENT A


CLAIMS AND REVIEW PROCEDURES


Section A-1 Procedures Governing the Filing of Benefit Claims. All Benefit 
Claims must be filed on the appropriate claim forms available from the 
Committee and in accordance with the procedures established by the 
Committee for claim purposes. A “Benefit Claim” means a request for a Plan 
benefit or benefits, made by a Claimant or by an authorized representative 
of a Claimant, that complies with the Plan’s procedures for making benefit 
claims. “Claimant” means a Participant, a surviving spouse of a 
Participant, a beneficiary, or an alternate payee under a domestic 
relations order, who is claiming entitlement to the payment of any benefit 
under the Plan.


Section A-2 Notification of Benefit Determinations. The Committee will 
notify a Claimant, in accordance with Section A-3 below, of the Plan’s 
benefit determination within a reasonable period of time after receipt of a 
Benefit Claim, but not later than 90 days after receipt of the Benefit 
Claim by the Plan. If special circumstances require an extension of time 
for processing the Benefit Claim, the Committee will notify the Claimant of 
the extension prior to the termination of the initial period described 
above. The notice will indicate the special circumstances requiring the 
extension of time and the date by which the Plan expects to make the 
benefit determination. In no event will the extension exceed a period of 90 
days from the end of the initial period.


Section A-3 Manner and Content of Notification of Benefit Determinations. 
All notices given by the Committee under the Plan will be given to a 
Claimant, or to his authorized representative, in a manner that satisfies 
the standards of 29 CFR 2520.104b-1(b) as appropriate with respect to the 
particular material required to be furnished or made available to that 
individual. The Committee may provide a Claimant with either a written or 
an electronic notice of the Plan’s benefit determination. Any electronic 
notification will comply with the standards imposed by 29 CFR 
2520.104b-1(c)(1)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv). In the case of an Adverse 
Benefit Determination, the notice will set forth, in a manner calculated to 
be understood by the Claimant:
 
  	(a) 	The specific reasons for the adverse determination;
 
  	(b) 	Reference to the specific Plan provisions (including any internal 
rules, guidelines, protocols, criteria, etc.) on which the determination is 
based;
 
  	(c) 	A description of any additional material or information necessary 
for the Claimant to complete the claim and an explanation of why such 
material or information is necessary; and
 
  	(d) 	A description of the Plan’s review procedures and the time limits 
applicable to such procedures.
 
A-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The term “Adverse Benefit Determination” means a denial, reduction, or 
termination of, or a failure to provide or make payment (in whole or in 
part) for, any benefit claimed to be payable under the Plan.


Section A-4 Appeal of Adverse Benefit Determinations. A Claimant who 
receives an Adverse Benefit Determination and desires a review of that 
determination must file, or his authorized representative must file on his 
behalf, a written request for a review of the Adverse Benefit 
Determination, not later than 60 days after receiving the determination. 
The written request for a review must be filed with the Committee. Upon 
receiving the written request for review, the Committee will advise the 
Claimant, or his authorized representative, in writing that:
 
  	(a) 	The Claimant, or his authorized representative, may submit written 
comments, documents, records, and any other information relating to the 
claim for benefits; and
 
  	(b) 	The Claimant will be provided, upon request of the Claimant or his 
authorized representative, reasonable access to, and copies of, all 
documents, records, and other information relevant to the Claimant’s 
Benefit Claim, without regard to whether those documents, records, and 
information were considered or relied upon in making the Adverse Benefit 
Determination that is the subject of the appeal.


Section A-5 Benefit Determination on Review. All appeals by a Claimant of 
an Adverse Benefit Determination will receive a full and fair review by an 
appropriate named fiduciary of the Plan.


Section A-6 Notification of Benefit Determination on Review. The Committee 
will notify a Claimant, in accordance with Section A-7, of the Plan’s 
benefit determination on review within a reasonable period of time, but not 
later than 60 days after the Plan’s receipt of the Claimant’s request for 
review of an Adverse Benefit Determination. If, however, special 
circumstances require an extension of time for processing the review by the 
named fiduciary, the Claimant will be notified, prior to the termination of 
the initial 60 day period, of the special circumstances requiring the 
extension and the date by which the Plan expects to render the Plan’s 
benefit determination on review, which will not be later than 120 days 
after receipt of a request for review.


Section A-7 Manner and Content of Notification of Benefit Determination on 
Review. The Committee will provide a Claimant with notification of its 
benefit determination on review in a method described in Section A-3. In 
the case of an Adverse Benefit Determination on review, the notification 
must set forth, in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant:
 
  	(a) 	The specific reasons for the adverse determination on review;
 
  	(b) 	Reference to the specific Plan provisions (including any internal 
rules, guidelines, protocols, criteria, etc.) on which the benefit 
determination on review is based; and
 
A-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	(c) 	A statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request 
and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, 
records and other information relevant to the Claimant’s Benefit Claim, 
without regard to whether those records were considered or relied upon in 
making the Adverse Benefit Determination on review, including any reports, 
and the identities, of any experts whose advice was obtained.
 
A-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUPPLEMENT B


MILLER BENEFIT ADJUSTMENT


Section B-1 Effective Date. The effective date of this Supplement B is July 
16, 2007.

Section B-2 Purpose. The purpose of this Supplement is to provide a 
reduction in the benefit to Milton J. Miller under this Plan to reflect a 
payment made to Mr. Miller from the Plan in 2007, which included the value 
of an early retirement benefit under the Retirement Plan. The provisions of 
this Supplement supersede the provisions of the Plan to the extent 
necessary to eliminate any inconsistency between the Plan and this 
Supplement.


Section B-3 Benefit Calculation. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan 
to the contrary, upon Mr. Miller’s Separation from Service subsequent to 
his reemployment by the Bank on July 16, 2007, Mr. Miller’s benefit will be 
determined pursuant to Plan Section 3.1 with the following adjustments:
 
  	(a) 	The Retirement Allowance under subsection 3.1(a) will be determined 
based on Mr. Miller’s age, service and salary as if Mr. Miller had not 
Separated from Service in 2006 and without regard to any reduction for 
previous payments. For purposes of calculating Mr. Miller’s benefit under 
subsection 3.1(a), the (i) 3 years Benefit Service and Vesting Service to 
be credited to Mr. Miller and the (ii) 3 years to be added to Mr. Miller’s 
actual age (for the purpose of determining the early retirement reduction 
percentage) under the ‘early retirement window benefit’ amendment made to 
the Retirement Plan in 2006 will be credited at the time of Mr. Miller’s 
subsequent Separation from Service (and not as of 2006).
 
  	(b) 	The Retirement Allowance under subsection 3.1(b) will be determined 
based on Mr. Miller’s age, service and salary as if Mr. Miller had not 
Separated from Service in 2006 and without regard to any reduction for 
previous payments. For purposes of calculating Mr. Miller’s benefit under 
subsection 3.1(b) the (i) 3 years Benefit Service and Vesting Service to be 
credited to Mr. Miller and the (ii) 3 years to be added to Mr. Miller’s 
actual age (for the purpose of determining the early retirement reduction 
percentage) under the ‘early retirement window benefit’ amendment made to 
the Retirement Plan in 2006 will be credited at the time of Mr. Miller’s 
subsequent Separation from Service (and not as of 2006).
 
  	(c) 	The benefit determined under subsection 3.1(c) will, in addition to 
the Frozen SERP benefit (including the value of any benefit previously paid 
to Mr. Miller under the Frozen SERP) include (i) the lump sum payment made 
to Mr. Miller in 2007 from the Plan (with interest thereon from the date of 
the original payment to the date of the subsequent Plan payment) and (ii) 
$450,000. The reductions under (i) and (ii) above are to be taken solely 
from benefits accrued under this Plan on and after July 16, 2007. The 
Frozen SERP benefit, for purposes of this subsection (c), will be 
calculated as of December 31, 2004 and will be increased with interest from 
that date to the date of payment using a 4.86 percent interest rate. The 
interest rate for increasing the 2007 Plan payment referenced in 
parenthetical of clause (i) above will be 4.69 percent. Both the 4.86 
percent and the 4.69 percent rates will be fixed for all periods.
 
B-1