 EX-10.2 11 exh10-2.txt PREFERRED STOCK AND WARRANT PURCHASE AGREEMENT THIS 
PREFERRED STOCK AND WARRANT PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is entered 
into as of _______, 2007, by and among CHINA POWER EQUIPMENT, INC., a 
Maryland corporation (the "Company"), with headquarters located at 76 
Cranbrook Road, Cockeysville, County of Baltimore, MD 21020, and the 
purchasers (collectively, the "Purchasers" and each a "Purchaser") set 
forth on SCHEDULE 1 hereof, with regard to the following: RECITALS A. The 
Company and the Purchasers are executing and delivering this Agreement in 
reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by the 
provisions of Regulation D ("Regulation D") and/or Regulation S, as 
promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
"SEC") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). 
B. The Purchasers desire to (a) purchase, upon the terms and conditions 
stated in this Agreement, shares of the Company's Series A Convertible 
Preferred Stock, $.001 par value per share (the "Preferred Stock") and (b) 
purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, the 
Common Stock Purchase Warrants (the "Warrants") to purchase shares of the 
Company's Common Stock, $.001 par value per share ("Common Stock"), in the 
form attached hereto as EXHIBIT A. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
exercise of or otherwise pursuant to the Warrants are referred to herein as 
"Warrant Shares." The Preferred Stock, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares 
are collectively referred to herein as the "Securities". The Warrants and 
any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the 
transactions contemplated hereunder, are hereinafter referred to as the 
"Transaction Documents." AGREEMENTS NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of 
their respective promises contained herein and other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the Company and the Purchasers hereby agree as follows: 
ARTICLE I PURCHASE AND SALE OF PREFERRED STOCK AND WARRANTS 1.1 Purchase of 
Preferred Stock and Warrants. Subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, the issuance, sale and purchase of the Preferred Stock and 
Warrants shall be consummated in a "Closing." The purchase price (the 
"Purchase Price") shall be TEN DOLLARS ($10.00) per Unit, for a Unit 
consisting of one share of Preferred Stock and one Warrant to purchase such 
number of shares of Common Stock as shall be equal to the number of shares 
of Common Stock that one share of Preferred Stock shall have been converted 
into pursuant to a mandatory conversion of Preferred Stock into Common 
Stock made at the option of the Company pursuant to Section 3(d) of Article 
SIXTH of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended and in 
effect as of the date of the Closing. _______Units shall be sold pursuant 
to this Agreement. On the date of the Closing, subject to the satisfaction 
or waiver of the conditions set forth in ARTICLES VI and VII hereof, the 
Company shall issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser 
severally agrees to purchase from the Company, the number of Units set 
forth on SCHEDULE 1 hereto. Each Purchaser's obligation to purchase Units 
hereunder is distinct and separate from each other Purchaser's obligation 
to purchase, and no Purchaser shall be required to purchase hereunder more 
than the number of Units set forth on SCHEDULE 1 hereto. The obligations of 
the Company with respect to each Purchaser shall be separate from the 
obligations of each other Purchaser and shall not be conditioned as to any 
Purchaser upon the performance of obligations of any other Purchaser. . 1.2 
Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or waiver) of the conditions set 
forth in ARTICLES VI and VII below, the date and time of the issuance, sale 
and purchase of the Preferred Stock and Warrants pursuant to this Agreement 
shall be at 10:00 a.m. New York time, on __________, 2007. ARTICLE II 
PURCHASER'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Each Purchaser represents and 
warrants to the Company, as of the date hereof and as of the Closing, 
severally and not jointly with respect to itself and its purchase hereunder 
and not with respect to any other Purchaser or the purchase hereunder by 
any other Purchaser that the following statements are true and correct: 2.1 
Investment Purpose. Purchaser is purchasing the Preferred Stock and the 
Warrants for Purchaser's own account for investment only and not with a 
view toward or in connection with the public sale or distribution thereof. 
Purchaser will not, directly or indirectly, offer, sell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer its Preferred Stock, Warrants or any interest therein 
except pursuant to transactions that are exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and/or sales registered under the 
Securities Act. Purchaser understands that Purchaser must bear the economic 
risk of this investment indefinitely, unless the Securities are registered 
pursuant to the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws or 
an exemption from such registration is available, and that the Company has 
no present intention of registering any such Securities other than as 
contemplated by the terms of the Company's Articles of Incorporation 
setting forth the designation, rights and preferences of the Preferred 
Stock (the "Charter") and the terms of the Warrants set forth in the 
certificate evidencing the Warrants (the "Warrant Certificate"). 2.2 
Accredited Investor/"Non-U.S." Person Status. Purchaser is an "accredited 
investor" as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D as 
provided in Exhibit B hereto or Purchaser is a "non-U.S." Person as defined 
under Rule 902 of Regulation S. 2.3 Reliance on Exemptions. Purchaser 
understands that the Preferred Stock and Warrants are being offered and 
sold to Purchaser in reliance upon specific exemptions from the 
registration requirements of United States federal and state securities 
laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and 
Purchaser's compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, 
acknowledgments and understandings of Purchaser set forth herein in order 
to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of 
Purchaser to acquire the Common Shares and Warrants. 2 2.4 Information. 
Purchaser has been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of the 
Company, was permitted to meet with the Company's officers and has received 
what the Purchaser believes to be complete and satisfactory answers to any 
such inquiries. Except for the answers received by Purchaser as a result of 
inquiries made by Purchaser to Company officers, and except as otherwise 
provided in this Agreement, the Purchaser is not relying upon any 
information, representations or warranties of any other party. Neither such 
inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Purchaser 
or any of its representations shall modify, amend or affect Purchaser's 
right to rely on the Company's representations and warranties contained in 
ARTICLE III. Purchaser understands that Purchaser's investment in the 
Securities involves a high degree of risk. 2.5 Governmental Review. 
Purchaser understands that no United States federal or state agency or any 
other government or governmental agency has passed upon or made any 
recommendation or endorsement of the Securities. 2.6 Transfer or Resale. 
Purchaser understands that (i) except as provided in the Charter and the 
Warrant Certificate, the Securities have not been and are not being 
registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and may 
not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred unless subsequently 
registered thereunder or an exemption from such registration is available 
(which exemption the Company expressly agrees may be established as 
contemplated in clauses (b) and (c) of Section 5.1 hereof); (ii) any sale 
of such Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 under the Securities Act 
(or a successor rule) ("Rule 144") may be made only in accordance with the 
terms of Rule 144 and further, if Rule 144 is not applicable, any resale of 
such Securities without registration under the Securities Act under 
circumstances in which the seller may be deemed to be an underwriter (as 
that term is defined in the Securities Act) may require compliance with 
some other exemption under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations 
of the SEC thereunder in order for such resale to be allowed, and (iii) the 
Company is under no obligation to register such Securities under the 
Securities Act or any state securities laws or to comply with the terms and 
conditions of any exemption thereunder (in each case, other than pursuant 
to the Charter and the Warrant Certificate). 2.7 No Directed Selling 
Efforts. Neither Purchaser, nor any of his affiliates, nor any person 
acting on its behalf or any behalf of any such affiliate, has engaged or 
will engage in any activity undertaken for the purpose of, or that 
reasonably could be expected to have the effect of, conditioning the 
markets in the United States for the Units or Common Stock, including but 
not limited to effecting any sale or short sale of the Company's securities 
through Purchaser or any of his affiliates prior to the expiration of any 
restricted period contained in Regulation S (any such activity being 
defined herein as a "Directed Selling Effort"). To the best knowledge of 
the undersigned, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated herein 
are not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration provisions of 
the 1933 Act, and the Units are being purchased for investment purposes by 
Purchaser. Purchaser agrees that all offers and sales of the Common Stock 
from the date hereof and through the expiration of the any restricted 
period set forth in Rule 903 of Regulation S (as the same may be amended 
from time to time hereafter) shall not be made to U.S. Persons or for the 
account or benefit of U.S. Persons and shall otherwise be made in 
compliance with the provisions of Regulation S and any other applicable 
provisions of the Securities Act. Purchaser and its representatives have 
not conducted any Directed Selling Effort as that term is used and defined 
in Rule 902 of Regulation S and will not engage in any such Directed 
Selling Effort within the United States through the expiration of any 
restricted period set forth in Rule 903 of Regulation S. 3 2.8 Legends. 
Purchaser understands that, subject to ARTICLE V hereof, the certificate 
for the Preferred Stock and the Warrant Certificate and, until such time as 
the Warrant Shares and shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of 
the Preferred Stock (the "Conversion Shares") have been registered under 
the Securities Act or otherwise may be sold by Purchaser pursuant to Rule 
144 (subject to and in accordance with the procedures specified in ARTICLE 
V hereof), the certificates for the Conversion Shares and the Warrant 
Shares will bear a restrictive legend (the "Legend"), which will include 
language in substantially the following form: THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY 
THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED, OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE 
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE 
SECURITIES UNDER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OR UNLESS OFFERED, SOLD OR 
TRANSFERRED PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THOSE LAWS. 2.9 Authorization; Enforcement. This Agreement 
has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of 
Purchaser and is a valid and binding agreement of Purchaser enforceable in 
accordance with its terms, except to the extent that such validity or 
enforceability may be subject to or affected by any bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or 
affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors' rights or remedies of 
creditors, or by other equitable principles of general application. 2.10 
Residency. Purchaser is a resident of the jurisdiction set forth under 
Purchaser's name on the signature page hereto executed by Purchaser. 2.11 
Hedging Transactions. Purchaser does not have an existing short position 
with respect to the Company's Common Stock. ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND 
WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY The Company represents and warrants to each 
Purchaser as of the date hereof and as of the Closing that the following 
statements are true and correct, except as set forth on the disclosure 
schedules, if any, attached hereto as SCHEDULE 2 (the "Company Disclosure 
Schedules"). 4 Organization and Qualification. Each of the Company and its 
subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized and existing in good standing 
under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, and has the 
requisite corporate power to own its properties and to carry on its 
business as now being conducted. The Company and each of its subsidiaries 
is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good 
standing in every jurisdiction where the failure so to qualify or be in 
good standing could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect. "Material Adverse Effect" means any effect which, individually or 
in the aggregate with all other effects, reasonably would be expected to be 
materially adverse to the business, operations, properties, financial 
condition, operating results or prospects of the Company and its 
subsidiaries, taken as a whole on a consolidated basis or on the 
transactions contemplated hereby. 3.1 Authorization; Enforcement. (a) The 
Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and 
perform under the Transaction Documents, and to issue, sell and perform its 
obligations with respect to the Securities in accordance with the terms 
hereof and thereof and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Securities; (b) the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction 
Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions 
contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the 
issuance of the Preferred Stock, Conversion Shares and the Warrants and 
Warrant Shares, and the reservation for issuance of the Warrant Shares) 
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no further 
consent or authorization of the Company, its board of directors, or its 
stockholders or any other Person is required with respect to any of the 
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; (c) this Agreement, the 
Preferred Stock, and the Warrants have been duly executed and delivered by 
the Company; and (d) this Agreement, the Preferred Stock, and the Warrants 
constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable 
against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except (i) 
to the extent that such validity or enforceability may be subject to or 
affected by any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, 
liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the 
enforcement of, creditors' rights or remedies of creditors generally, or by 
other equitable principles of general application, and (ii) as rights to 
indemnity and contribution may be limited by federal or state securities 
laws. "Person" means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, 
limited liability company, joint venture, trust, unincorporated 
association, corporation, entity or government (whether federal, state, 
county, city or otherwise, including, without limitation, any 
instrumentality, division, agency or department thereof). 5 3.2 
Capitalization. There are currently 110,000,000 shares of authorized 
capital stock with 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock authorized and 10 
million shares of preferred stock authorized. There are currently ________ 
shares of Common Stock outstanding and ________ shares of preferred stock 
outstanding. All of such outstanding shares of capital stock have been, or 
upon issuance will be, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. No 
shares of capital stock of the Company (including the Preferred Stock, the 
Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares) are subject to preemptive rights 
or any other similar rights of the stockholders of the Company or any liens 
or encumbrances. Except as disclosed in SCHEDULE 3 hereof, as of the date 
of this Agreement, (i) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, 
rights to subscribe for, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever 
relating to, or securities or rights convertible into or exercisable or 
exchangeable for, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by 
which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may become bound to 
issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries, (ii) issuance of the Securities will not trigger 
anti-dilution rights for any other outstanding or authorized securities of 
the Company, (iii) up until the date of effectiveness of a registration 
statement registering the re-sale of the Securities, there will be no more 
than 20 million shares of common stock outstanding on a fully diluted 
basis, and (iv) there are no agreements or arrangements under which the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any 
of its or their securities under the Securities Act (except for the 
provisions sets forth in the Charter and the Warrant Certificate). The 
Company has made available to Purchaser true and correct copies of the 
Company's Articles of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof 
("Articles of Incorporation"), and the Company's By-laws as in effect on 
the date hereof (the "By-laws"). The Company has set forth on SCHEDULE 3 
hereof all instruments and agreements (other than the Articles of 
Incorporation and By-laws) governing securities convertible into or 
exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock of the Company (and the 
Company shall provide to Purchaser copies thereof upon the request of 
Purchaser). 3.3 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of 
the Transaction Documents by the Company, and the consummation by the 
Company of transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without 
limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance, as applicable, of 
the Securities) do not and will not (a) result in a violation of the 
Articles of Incorporation or By-laws or (b) conflict with, or constitute a 
default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would 
become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, 
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or 
instrument to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, or 
result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or 
decree (including U.S. federal and state securities laws) applicable to the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries, or by which any property or asset of 
the Company or any of its subsidiaries, is bound or affected (except for 
such possible conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, 
cancellations and violations as would not, individually or in the 
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). Neither the Company nor any of 
its subsidiaries is in violation of its Articles of Incorporation or other 
organizational documents. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, 
is in default (and no event has occurred which has not been waived which, 
with notice or lapse of 6 time or both, could reasonably be expected to put 
the Company or any of its subsidiaries in default) under, nor has there 
occurred any event giving others (with notice or lapse of time or both) any 
rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any 
agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries is a party, except for possible violations, defaults or rights 
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse 
Effect. The businesses of the Company and its subsidiaries are not being 
conducted, and shall not be conducted so long as a Purchaser owns any of 
the Securities, in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any 
governmental entity, except for possible violations the sanctions for which 
either individually or in the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse 
Effect. Except as (A) such as may be required under the Securities Act in 
connection with the performance of the Company's obligations under the 
Charter and Warrant Certificate, (B) filing of a Form D with the SEC, and 
(C) compliance with the state securities or Blue Sky laws of applicable 
jurisdictions, the Company is not required to obtain any consent, 
authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any 
court or governmental agency or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency in 
order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under 
this Agreement or to perform its obligations in accordance with the terms 
hereof or thereof. 3.4 Consents. The execution, delivery and performance by 
the Company of the Transaction Documents and the offer, issuance and sale 
of the Securities require no consent of, action by or in respect of, or 
filing with, any Person, governmental body, agency, or official other than 
(i) filings that have been made pursuant to applicable state securities 
laws, (ii) post-sale filings pursuant to applicable state and federal 
securities laws, and (iii) any consent, action or filing that either 
individually or in the aggregate would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 
Subject to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of each 
Purchaser set forth in ARTICLE II hereof, the Company has taken all action 
necessary to exempt (i) the issuance and sale of the Preferred Stock, (ii) 
the issuance of the Conversion Shares, (iii) the issuance of the Warrants, 
and (iv) the issuance of the Warrant Shares, from the provisions of any 
stockholder rights plan or other "poison pill" arrangement, any 
anti-takeover, business combination or control share law or statute binding 
on the Company or to which the Company or any of its assets and properties 
may be subject and any provision of the Company's Articles of Incorporation 
or By-laws that is or could reasonably be expected to become applicable to 
the Purchasers as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby, 
including without limitation, the issuance of the Securities and the 
ownership, disposition or voting of the Securities by the Purchasers or the 
exercise of any right granted to the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement 
or the other Transaction Documents. 3.5 Absence of Litigation. There is no 
action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, 
public board, government agency, or self-regulatory organization or body 
pending or, to the Company's knowledge or any of its subsidiaries, 
threatened against or affecting the Company, any of its subsidiaries, or 
any of their respective directors or officers in their capacities as such. 
There are no facts known to the Company which, if known by a potential 
claimant or governmental authority, could reasonably be expected to give 
rise to a claim or proceeding which, if asserted or conducted with results 
unfavorable to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, could reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 3.6 Disclosure. No information 
relating to or concerning the Company set forth in this Agreement contains 
an untrue statement of a material fact. The Company has not omitted to 
state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made herein 
or therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not 
misleading. Except for the execution and performance of this Agreement, no 
material fact (within the meaning of the federal securities laws of the 
United States and of applicable state securities laws) exists with respect 
to the Company which has not been publicly disclosed. 3.7 No General 
Solicitation. Neither the Company nor any distributor participating on the 
Company's behalf in the transactions contemplated hereby (if any) nor any 
person acting for the Company, or any such distributor, has conducted any 
"general solicitation," as described in Rule 502(c) under Regulation D, 
with respect to any of the Securities being offered hereby. 7 3.8 No 
Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor 
any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or indirectly made 
any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any 
security under circumstances that would prevent the parties hereto from 
consummating the transactions contemplated hereby pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration under the Securities Act pursuant to the provisions 
of Regulation D. The transactions contemplated hereby are exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act, assuming the accuracy of 
the representations and warranties herein contained of each Purchaser. 3.9 
No Brokers. The Company has taken no action which would give rise to any 
claim by any person for brokerage commissions, finder's fees or similar 
payments by Purchaser relating to this Agreement or the transactions 
contemplated hereby. ARTICLE IV COVENANTS 4.1 Reasonable Efforts. The 
parties shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to timely satisfy 
each of the conditions described in ARTICLES VI and VII of this Agreement 
and to seek its Board of Directors' approval of this Agreement. 4.2 
Securities Laws; Disclosure; Press Release. The Company agrees to file a 
Form D with respect to the Securities with the SEC as required under 
Regulation D. The Company shall, on or prior to the date of Closing, take 
such action as is necessary to sell the Securities to each Purchaser under 
applicable securities laws of the states of the United States. 4.3 
Reservation of Common Stock. The Company shall continue to reserve and keep 
available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of 
shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling the Company to issue the 
Conversion Shares and the Warrant Shares. 4.4 Corporate Existence. So long 
as any Purchaser beneficially owns any Securities, the Company shall 
maintain its corporate existence, except in the event of a merger, 
consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the Company's assets, 
as long as the surviving or successor entity in such transaction assumes 
the Company's obligations hereunder and under the agreements and 
instruments entered into in connection herewith. 4.5 Hedging Transactions. 
No Purchaser has an existing short position with respect to the Company's 
Common Stock. Each Purchaser agrees not to, directly or indirectly, enter 
into any short sales with respect to the Common Stock prior to the date on 
which such Purchaser is entitled to sell, transfer the number of shares of 
Common Stock as to which such Purchaser proposes to establish a short 
position. 4.6 Conversion. (i) Each share of Series A Stock shall 
automatically be converted into shares of Common Stock at the Conversion 
Price (as such term hereinafter defined) for such share, determined as 
hereafter provided, immediately upon the closing of the corporation's sale 
of its Common Stock in an offering pursuant to a registration statement 
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (a "Qualified IPO"). The date 
of such closing is hereinafter referred to as the "Automatic Conversion 
Date". In connection with a Qualified IPO, prior to the initial filing of a 
registration statement related to the Qualified IPO, the corporation shall 
obtain from a person, firm or entity engaged in the business of providing 
evaluations or appraisals of the value of securities of companies which is 
selected in good faith by the Board of Directors of the corporation and is 
independent of the corporation (the "Valuation Firm") a valuation of the 
Common Stock on a per share basis (the "Valuation Price") For purposes 
hereof, 8 the term "Conversion Price" shall mean the price equal to the 
product obtained by multiplying (x) 1/3, times (y) 80% of the Valuation 
Price. The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of one 
share of Series A Preferred shall be the quotient obtained by dividing (A) 
$10 by (B) the Conversion Price. No fractional shares of Common Stock may 
be issued upon the conversion of any share or shares of the Series A 
Preferred Stock into Common Stock, and the number of shares of Common Stock 
to be issued shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share. The Conversion 
Price shall be appropriately adjusted in the event of a reorganization, 
recapitalization, stock split, stock dividend, combination of shares, or 
similar change in the corporation's Common Stock. Except as set forth 
herein, neither the corporation nor any holder of Series A Preferred shall 
have the right to convert, or require the conversion of, Series A Preferred 
into Common Stock or any other security or property of the corporation or 
any other person. (ii) Mechanics of Conversion. No later than five business 
days after the Automatic Conversion Date, the corporation shall deliver or 
cause to be delivered a notice to each holder of the Series A Preferred (A) 
stating that the Series A Preferred has been converted; (B) setting forth 
the number of full shares of Common Stock to be issued due to such 
conversion as determined in accordance with this Section (3)(d); (C) 
informing the holder of the address of the Company or agent to which the 
holder may deliver its Series A Preferred certificate in exchange for a 
Common Stock certificate representing the number of shares into which such 
holder's Series A Preferred has been converted. Such conversion shall be 
deemed to have been made upon the surrender of the certificate for the 
shares of Series A Preferred to be converted, and the person entitled to 
receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion shall be 
treated for all purposes as the record holder of such shares of Common 
Stock at and after such time. ARTICLE V LEGEND REMOVAL, TRANSFER, CERTAIN 
SALES, ADDITIONAL SHARES 5.1 Removal of Legend. The Legend shall be removed 
and the Company shall issue a certificate without such Legend to the holder 
of any Security upon which it is stamped, and a certificate for a security 
shall be originally issued without the Legend, if, (a) the sale of such 
Security is registered under the Securities Act, (b) such holder provides 
the Company with an opinion of counsel, in form, substance and scope 
customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions and reasonably 
satisfactory to the Company and its counsel (the reasonable cost of which 
shall be borne by the Company if, after one (1) year, neither an effective 
registration statement under the Securities Act or Rule 144 is available in 
connection with such sale) to the effect that a public sale or transfer of 
such Security may be made without registration under the Securities Act 
pursuant to an exemption from such registration requirements or (c) such 
Security can be sold pursuant to Rule 144 and the holder provides the 
Company with reasonable assurances that the Security can be so sold without 
restriction or (d) such Security can be sold pursuant to Rule 144(k). The 
Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to 
any transfer agent of the Company that enlarge the restrictions on transfer 
set forth in this Section. Each Purchaser agrees to sell all Securities, 
including those represented by a certificate(s) from which the Legend has 
been removed, or which were originally 9 issued without the Legend, 
pursuant to an effective registration statement, in accordance with the 
manner of distribution described in such registration statement and to 
deliver a prospectus in connection with such sale, or in compliance with an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. In the 
event the Legend is removed from any Security or any Security is issued 
without the Legend and the Security is to be disposed of other than 
pursuant to the registration statement or pursuant to Rule 144, then prior 
to, and as a condition to, such disposition such Security shall be 
relegended as provided herein in connection with any disposition if the 
subsequent transfer thereof would be restricted under the Securities Act. 
Also, in the event the Legend is removed from any Security or any Security 
is issued without the Legend and thereafter the effectiveness of a 
registration statement covering the resale of such Security is suspended or 
the Company determines that a supplement or amendment thereto is required 
by applicable securities laws, then upon reasonable advance notice to 
Purchaser holding such Security, the Company may require that the Legend be 
placed on any such Security that cannot then be sold pursuant to an 
effective registration statement or Rule 144 or with respect to which the 
opinion referred to in clause (b) next above has not been rendered, which 
Legend shall be removed when such Security may be sold pursuant to an 
effective registration statement or Rule 144 or such holder provides the 
opinion with respect thereto described in clause (b) next above. 5.2 
Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company agrees that following the 
effective date of the registration statement or at such time as such legend 
is no longer required under Section 5.1, it will, no later than ten (10) 
days following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Company's 
transfer agent of a certificate representing Warrant Shares issued with a 
restrictive legend (such date, the "Legend Removal Date"), deliver or cause 
to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such 
Securities that is free from all restrictive and other legends, registered 
in the name of each Purchaser or its nominee for the Warrant Shares in such 
amounts determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrants. The 
Company covenants that no instruction other than such instructions referred 
to in this ARTICLE V, and stop transfer instructions to give effect to 
Section 2.6 hereof in the case of the Warrant Shares prior to registration 
of the Warrant Shares under the Securities Act, will be given by the 
Company to its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be 
freely transferable on the books and records of the Company. Nothing in 
this Section shall affect in any way each Purchaser's obligations and 
agreement set forth in Section 5.1 hereof to resell the Securities pursuant 
to an effective registration statement and to deliver a prospectus in 
connection with such sale 10 or in compliance with an exemption from the 
registration requirements of applicable securities laws. If (a) a Purchaser 
provides the Company with an opinion of counsel, which opinion of counsel 
shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in 
comparable transactions and reasonably satisfactory to the Company and its 
counsel (the reasonable cost of which shall be borne by the Company if, 
after one (1) year, neither an effective registration statement under the 
Securities Act or Rule 144 is available in connection with such sale), to 
the effect that the Securities to be sold or transferred may be sold or 
transferred pursuant to an exemption from registration or (b) a Purchaser 
transfers Securities to an affiliate which is an accredited investor 
(within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act) and which 
delivers to the Company in written form the same representations, 
warranties and covenants made by Purchaser hereunder or pursuant to Rule 
144, the Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Warrant 
Shares, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more 
certificates in such name and in such denomination as specified by such 
Purchaser. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations 
hereunder will cause irreparable harm to a Purchaser by vitiating the 
intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the 
Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations 
under this ARTICLE V will be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a 
breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this 
ARTICLE V, that a Purchaser shall be entitled, in addition to all other 
available remedies to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring 
immediate issuance and transfer, without the necessity of showing economic 
loss and without any bond or other security being required. ARTICLE VI 
CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANY'S OBLIGATION TO SELL 6.1 Conditions to the 
Company's Obligation to Sell. The obligation of the Company hereunder to 
issue and sell the Preferred Stock and Warrants to a Purchaser at the 
Closing is subject to the satisfaction, as of the date of the Closing and 
with respect to such Purchaser, of each of the following conditions 
thereto, provided that these conditions are for the Company's sole benefit 
and may be waived by the Company at any time in its sole discretion: (i) 
Such Purchaser shall have executed and delivered the signature page to this 
Agreement; (ii) Such Purchaser shall have wired its aggregate Purchase 
Price set forth on Schedule 1 hereto to the Company; (iii) The 
representations and warranties of such Purchaser shall be true and correct 
as of the date when made and as of the Closing with the same force and 
effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and 
as of the date of Closing (except for representations and warranties that 
speak as of a specific date), and such Purchaser shall have performed, 
satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, 
agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, 
satisfied or complied with by the applicable Purchaser at or prior to the 
Closing; (iv) No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling 
or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by 
any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any 
self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated 
hereby which restricts or prohibits the consummation of any of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and (v) The Company shall have 
obtained all waivers, authorizations, approvals and consents needed to 
consummate the transaction contemplated by this Agreement which the Company 
agrees to diligently procure. 11 ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS TO EACH PURCHASER'S 
OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE 7.1 The obligation of each Purchaser hereunder to 
purchase the Preferred Stock and Warrants to be purchased by it on the date 
of the Closing is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following 
conditions, provided that these conditions are for each Purchaser's sole 
benefit and may be waived by such Purchaser at any time in such Purchaser's 
sole discretion: (i) The Company shall have executed and delivered the 
signature page to this Agreement; (ii) The Company shall have delivered to 
the Purchaser duly issued certificates for the Preferred Stock and Warrants 
being so purchased by Purchaser at the Closing; (iii) The representations 
and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material 
respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing with the same force 
and effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on 
and as of the date of Closing, and the Company shall have performed, 
satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants, 
agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, 
satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Closing; and 
(iv) No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or 
injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any 
court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction or any 
self-regulatory organization having authority over the matters contemplated 
hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement. ARTICLE VIII GOVERNING LAW; MISCELLANEOUS 
8.1 Governing Law: Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the Maryland General Corporation Law (in 
respect of matters of corporation law) and the laws of the State of New 
York (in respect of all other matters) applicable to contracts made and to 
be performed in the State of New York. The parties hereto irrevocably 
consent to the jurisdiction of the United States federal courts and state 
courts located in the County of New York in the State of New York in any 
suit or proceeding based on or arising under this Agreement or the 
transactions contemplated hereby and irrevocably agree that all claims in 
respect of such suit or proceeding may be determined in such courts. The 
Company and each Purchaser irrevocably waives the defense of an 
inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such suit or proceeding in such 
forum. The Company and each Purchaser further agrees that service of 
process upon the Company or such Purchaser, as applicable, mailed by the 
first class mail in accordance with Section 8.6 shall be deemed in every 
respect effective service of process upon the Company or such Purchaser in 
any suit or proceeding arising hereunder. Nothing herein shall affect 
Purchaser's right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
The parties hereto agree that a final non-appealable judgment in any such 
suit or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other 
jurisdictions by suit on such judgment or in any other lawful manner. The 
parties hereto irrevocably waive any right to a trial by jury under 
applicable law. 12 8.2 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two 
or more counterparts, including, without limitation, by facsimile 
transmission, all of which counterparts shall be considered one and the 
same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been 
signed by each party and delivered to the other party. In the event any 
signature page is delivered by facsimile transmission, the party using such 
means of delivery shall cause additional original executed signature pages 
to be delivered to the other parties as soon as practicable thereafter. 8.3 
Headings. The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference 
and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this 
Agreement. 8.4 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be 
invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or 
unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the 
remainder of this Agreement or the validity or enforceability of this 
Agreement in any other jurisdiction. 8.5 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This 
Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire 
understanding of the parties with respect to the maters covered herein and 
therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither 
the Company nor any Purchaser makes any representation, warranty, covenant 
or undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement 
may be waived other than by an instrument in writing signed by the party to 
be charged with enforcement and no provision of this Agreement may be 
amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and 
each Purchaser. 8.6 Notice. Any notice herein required or permitted to be 
given shall be in writing and may be personally served or delivered by 
nationally-recognized overnight courier or by facsimile machine confirmed 
telecopy, and shall be deemed delivered at the time and date of receipt 
(which shall include telephone line facsimile transmission). The addresses 
for such communications shall be: IF TO THE COMPANY: China Power Equipment, 
Inc. [Address] ATTENTION: FACSIMILE: IF TO THE PURCHASERS: [TO BE SUPPLIED] 
Each party shall provide notice to the other parties of any change in 
address. 13 8.7 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding 
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and 
assigns. Neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall assign this Agreement 
or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of 
the other. 8.8 Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for 
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors 
and assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be 
enforced by, any other Person. 8.9 Survival; Indemnification. The 
representations and warranties of the Company and the agreements and 
covenants shall survive the Closing hereunder notwithstanding any due 
diligence investigation conducted by or on behalf of Purchaser. The Company 
agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Purchaser and each of each 
Purchaser's officers, directors, employees, partners, agents and affiliates 
from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and 
expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees and 
disbursements and other expenses incurred in connection with investigating, 
preparing or defending any action, claim or proceeding, pending or 
threatened and the costs of enforcement thereof) (collectively, "Losses") 
arising as a result of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the 
Company of any of its representations or covenants set forth herein, 
including advancement of expenses as they are incurred. The representations 
and warranties of the Purchasers shall survive the Closing hereunder and 
each Purchaser shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company and each of 
its officers, directors, employees, partners, agents and affiliates from 
and against any and all Losses arising as a result of the breach of such 
Purchaser's representations and warranties. 8.10 Further Assurances. Each 
party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such 
further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other 
agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may 
reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the 
purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated hereby. 8.11 Remedies. No provision of this Agreement 
providing for any remedy to a Purchaser shall limit any remedy which would 
otherwise be available to such Purchaser at law or in equity. Nothing in 
this Agreement shall limit any rights a Purchaser may have with any 
applicable federal or state securities laws with respect to the investment 
contemplated hereby. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its 
obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to a Purchaser. 
Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a material 
breach of its obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and 
agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the 
provisions of this Agreement, that a Purchaser shall be entitled, in 
addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any 
breach and requiring immediate compliance, without the necessity of showing 
economic loss and without any bond or other security being required. 8.12 
Final Agreement. This Agreement, when executed by the parties hereto, shall 
constitute the final agreement between the parties and upon such execution 
Purchasers and the Company accept the terms hereof and have no cause of 
action against each other for prior negotiations preceding the execution of 
this Agreement. 14 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Purchasers and the 
Company have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first 
above written. COMPANY: CHINA POWER EQUIPMENT, INC. By: Name: Title: 
PURCHASERS: ________________________________________ $________________ 
Signature Number of Units: ____________ 
________________________________________ Name Typed or Printed Address: 
__________________ __________________ __________________ Telephone: _______ 
________________________________________ $________________ Signature Number 
of Units: ____________ ________________________________________ Name Typed 
or Printed Address: __________________ __________________ 
__________________ Telephone: _______ 15 LIST OF EXHIBITS EXHIBIT A - FORM 
OF WARRANT EXHIBIT B - ACCREDITED INVESTOR QUESTIONNAIRE EXHIBIT A TO 
PREFERRED STOCK AND WARRANT PURCHASE AGREEMENT FORM OF WARRANT EXHIBIT B TO 
PREFERRED STOCK AND WARRANT PURCHASE AGREEMENT ACCREDITED INVESTOR 
QUESTIONNAIRE LIST OF SCHEDULES TO COMMON STOCK AND WARRANT PURCHASE 
AGREEMENT Schedule 1 - List of Investors Schedule 2 - Company Disclosure 
Schedules Schedule 3 - Capitalization SCHEDULE 1 TO PREFERRED STOCK AND 
WARRANT PURCHASE AGREEMENT LIST OF INVESTORS 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Investor Shares of Warrant Aggregate Name and Address and Preferred Stock 
Shares Purchase Telephone Number Price 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
TOTALS: 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
SCHEDULE 2 TO PREFERRED STOCK AND WARRANT PURCHASE AGREEMENT COMPANY 
DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES SCHEDULE 3 TO PREFERRED STOCK AND WARRANT PURCHASE 
AGREEMENT CAPITALIZATION AS OF , 2007 NUMBER OF SHARES ---------------- 
AUTHORIZED STOCK AS: Common Stock: 100,000,000 Series A Preferred 5,000,000 
Blank Check Preferred Stock 5,000,000 OUTSTANDING STOCK: Common Stock: 0 
Series A Preferred 0 Blank Check Preferred Stock 0 STOCK OPTIONS: 0