 EX-10.35 3 ex10_35.txt EXHIBIT 10.35 Exhibit 10.35 SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
THE SECURITIES TO WHICH THIS AGREEMENT RELATES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "1933 ACT") 
AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED THEREUNDER AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED 
OR SOLD DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY (A) WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO OR FOR 
THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) EXCEPT 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO SUCH SECURITIES 
UNDER, OR AN EXEMPTION FROM, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 1933 ACT, 
OR (B) IN CANADA OR TO RESIDENTS OF CANADA EXCEPT PURSUANT TO PROSPECTUS 
EXEMPTIONS UNDER THE APPLICABLE PROVINCIAL SECURITIES LAWS AND REGULATIONS 
OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION ORDER MADE BY THE APPROPRIATE PROVINCIAL 
SECURITIES REGULATOR. THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (this "AGREEMENT") by and 
between _______________(the "SUBSCRIBER"), and Aurora Gold Corporation, a 
Delaware -- Company (the "COMPANY"). RECITALS WHEREAS, the Company is 
offering, on a no minimum basis, up to an aggregate of 1,000,000 SHARES 
(the "OFFERED SHARES") of its common stock $0.001 par value per share at a 
price of US $0.50 per share or US $500,000.00 in the aggregate (the 
"OFFERING"). WHEREAS, the Company will offer and sell Offered Shares only 
to persons who are offshore investors and who are not "US PERSONS" as that 
term is defined in Regulation S under the 1933 Act (the "1933 ACT"), as 
more fully set forth on EXHIBIT A hereto; and, who otherwise satisfy any 
applicable criteria established by the laws of the jurisdiction in which 
they reside as more fully set forth in Section 1.4 hereof. WHEREAS, subject 
to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company desires to issue 
and sell to the Subscriber and the Subscriber desires to subscribe for the 
aggregate number of Offered Shares as set forth in Section 1.1 hereof. NOW 
THEREFORE, in consideration of the recitals and the mutual covenants herein 
contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby 
agree as follows: AGREEMENTS 1. SUBSCRIPTION AND PURCHASE OF SHARES; 
CLOSING. -------------------------------------------------- 1.1 
SUBSCRIPTION AND PURCHASE OF SHARES. 
--------------------------------------- Subject to the terms and conditions 
herein set forth, the Subscriber hereby subscribes for and agrees to 
purchase from the Company _________ Offered Shares (the "SUBSCRIBED FOR 
SHARES"), at a price of US $0.50 per share or an aggregate consideration of 
$________ (the "PURCHASE PRICE"). All references herein to "dollars" or "$" 
shall be to U.S. dollars unless otherwise specified. 1.2 PAYMENT OF 
PURCHASE PRICE. ---------------------------- Simultaneously with the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Subscriber, the Subscriber 
shall deliver the Purchase Price by check payable to the Company or by wire 
transfer of funds pursuant to wiring instructions provided by the Company. 
1.3 CLOSING. ------- The closing of the purchase and sale of the Subscribed 
for Shares (the "CLOSING") shall take place at the offices of the Company 
immediately following ---------- the execution of this Agreement by the 
Company, or at such other time and place or on such other business day 
thereafter as the parties hereto may agree (the "CLOSING DATE"). On the 
Closing Date, the Company will direct its stock transfer -------------- 
agent to deliver a certificate(s) representing the Subscribed for Shares to 
the Subscriber against confirmation of collection of the Purchase Price. 
1.4 LIMITATIONS OF OFFERING. ------------------------- The Subscriber 
acknowledges that the Company is offering and selling the Offered Shares 
only to persons who are offshore investors and who: - are not "US PERSONS" 
as that term is defined in Regulation S under the 1933 Act, as more fully 
set forth on EXHIBIT A hereto; - are not residents of Canada; and - satisfy 
any applicable criteria established by the laws of the jurisdiction in 
which they reside. 1.5. NO MINIMUM NUMBER OF SUBSCRIBED FOR SHARES NEED BE 
SOLD. ------------------------------------------------------------ The 
Subscriber acknowledges that the Company is offering and selling the 
Offered Shares on a no minimum basis; and, since there is no minimum number 
of Offered Shares to be sold, no proceeds will be held in an escrow account 
and all funds will be immediately available to, and for use by, the 
Company. 2 2. SUBSCRIBER'S CONDITIONS OF CLOSING. 
------------------------------------- The Subscriber's obligation to 
purchase and pay for the Subscribed for Shares is subject to the receipt of 
to the satisfaction or waiver, of the condition that the representations, 
warranties and covenants of the Company set forth in Section 4 hereof shall 
be true in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date, except to 
the extent of changes caused by the transactions herein contemplated; and, 
if the Closing Date is other than the date this agreement is executed and 
delivered by the Company, the Company shall deliver to Subscriber a 
certificate of a duly authorized officer of the Company, dated the Closing 
Date, to such effect. 3. COMPANY'S CONDITIONS OF CLOSING. 
---------------------------------- The Company's obligation to sell the 
Subscribed for Shares is subject to the satisfaction of waiver, on or 
before the Closing Date, of the conditions contained in this Section 3. 3.1 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS. 
-------------------------------------------- The representations, 
warranties and covenants of the Subscriber set forth in Section 5 hereof 
shall be true in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date. 3.2 
PAYMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE. ---------------------------- The Subscriber 
shall have purchased and paid for the Subscribed for Shares. 3.3 NO ADVERSE 
ACTION OR DECISION. --------------------------------- There shall be no 
action, suit, investigation or proceeding pending, or to the Company's 
knowledge, threatened, against or affecting the Company or any of its 
properties or rights, or any of its affiliates, associates, officers or 
directors, before any court, arbitrator, or administrative or governmental 
body that (i) seeks to restrain, enjoin, prevent the consummation of or 
otherwise adversely affect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, 
or (ii) questions the validity or legality of any such transaction or seeks 
to recover damages or to obtain other relief in connection with any such 
transaction. 3.4 COMPLIANCE WITH SECURITIES LAWS. 
---------------------------------- The offer and sale of the Subscribed for 
Shares under this Agreement shall have complied with, and shall not be 
prohibited by, all applicable requirements of the 1933 Act or applicable 
Canadian Securities Laws (as hereinafter defined). 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND 
WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. 
-------------------------------------------------- The Company represents, 
warrants and covenants to the Subscriber that: 3 4.1 CORPORATE EXISTENCE. 
-------------------- The Company is a Company duly organized, legally 
existing, and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware with 
the requisite corporate power and authority to own and use its properties 
and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. 4.2 
AUTHORIZATION; ENFORCEMENT. --------------------------- The Company has the 
requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and otherwise to carry out its 
obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the 
Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby 
have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the 
Company. When executed and delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, 
this Agreement shall constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of 
the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, 
except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws 
relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors' rights 
and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application. 
Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, this Agreement shall not 
become a binding obligation of the Company until it has been accepted by 
the Company as evidenced by its execution by a duly authorized officer. 4.3 
AGREEMENT NOT IN CONFLICT. ---------------------------- The execution and 
delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the completion of the 
transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not conflict with or 
result in a breach or violation of any of the terms or provisions of, or 
constitute a default under (whether after notice or lapse of time or both): 
(A) any statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company; (B) the 
charter documents, by-laws or resolutions of the Company which are in 
effect at the date hereof; (C) any mortgage, note, indenture, contract, 
agreement, instrument, lease or other document to which the Company is a 
party or by which it is bound; or (D) any judgment, decree or order binding 
the Company or, to the best of its knowledge, information and belief, the 
property or assets of the Company. 4.4 AUTHORIZED AND OUTSTANDING CAPITAL 
STOCK. --------------------------------------------- The Company's 
authorized capital stock of consists of 50,000,000 shares of common stock, 
$0.001 par value per share; and, as at the Reference Date (as hereinafter 
defined) there were 44,343,522 of common stock issued and outstanding and 
no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. If all of the Offered 
Shares are sold there will be an aggregate of 45,343,522 shares issued and 
outstanding. 4.5 REPORTING ISSUER. ------------------ The Company is a 
reporting issuer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
"EXCHANGE ACT") and files current, quarterly and annual reports with the 
SEC on forms 8-K, 10-QSB and 10-KSB under such Exchange Act. 4 5. 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS OF SUBSCRIBER. 
------------------------------------------------------------------- The 
Subscriber represents, warrants and covenants to the Company that: 5.1 
ORGANIZATION; AUTHORITY. ------------------------ The Subscriber has the 
requisite power and authority to enter into and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby and to carry out its obligations 
hereunder. The Subscriber, if: (a) a company, trust, partnership, qualified 
plan or other entity, it is duly incorporated or formed, validly existing 
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization 
and is authorized and qualified to become a holder of the Subscribed for 
Shares, the person signing this Agreement on behalf of such entity has been 
duly authorized to execute and deliver this agreement, and the acquisition 
of the Subscribed for Shares by the Subscriber and the consummation by the 
Subscriber of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly 
authorized by all necessary action to be taken on the part of the 
Subscriber; or (b) If the Subscriber is not an individual, the Subscriber 
has the requisite power, authority and legal capacity to execute and 
deliver this Subscription Agreement, to perform all of its obligations 
hereunder and to undertake all actions required of the Subscriber 
hereunder, and all necessary approvals of its directors, partners, 
shareholders, trustees or otherwise (as the case may be) with respect to 
such matters have been given or obtained. (c) in any case, this Agreement 
has been duly executed and delivered by the Subscriber and constitutes a 
valid and legally binding obligation of the Subscriber, enforceable against 
the Subscriber, in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and 
similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors' 
rights generally and to general principles of equity. The entering into of 
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby will not result in 
a violation of any of the terms or provisions of any law applicable to the 
Subscriber, or any of the Subscriber's charter documents, or of any 
agreement to which the Subscriber is a party or by which it is bound. 5.2 
ACQUISITION OF SUBSCRIBED FOR SHARES FOR INVESTMENT. 
--------------------------------------------------------- The Subscriber is 
acquiring the Subscribed for Shares as principal for its own account for 
investment purposes only and not with a view to or for distributing or 
reselling the Subscribed for Shares or any part thereof or interest 
therein, without prejudice, however, to the Subscriber's right, subject to 
the provisions of this Agreement and in accordance with all applicable 
laws, at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such 
Subscribed for Shares as otherwise permitted hereunder. Except as otherwise 
disclosed in writing to the Company, the Subscriber is not acting jointly 
or in concert with any other person or company for the purposes of 
acquiring any of the Offered Shares. 5 5.3 EXPERIENCE OF SUBSCRIBER. 
-------------------------- The Subscriber either alone or together with its 
representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in 
business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating and 
assessing the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the 
Subscribed for Shares, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such 
investment and has determined that the Subscribed for Shares are suitable 
to investment for him. 5.4 ABILITY OF SUBSCRIBER TO BEAR RISK OF 
INVESTMENT. The Subscriber 
-------------------------------------------------- acknowledges that the 
purchase of the Subscribed for Shares is a highly speculative investment, 
involving a high degree of risk and the Subscriber is able to bear the 
economic risk of an investment in the Subscribed for Shares; and, at the 
present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 5.5 NO 
CONFLICT OR VIOLATION. The execution, delivery, and performance 
------------------------ of this Agreement by Subscriber and the 
consummation by Subscriber of the transactions contemplated hereby will not 
conflict with or result in a default under the terms of any material 
contract, agreement, obligation or commitment applicable to Subscriber. The 
execution, delivery and performance by the Subscriber of this Subscription 
Agreement and the completion of the transaction contemplated hereby do not 
and will not result in a violation of any law, regulation, order or ruling 
applicable to the Subscriber, and do not and will not constitute a breach 
of or default under any of the Subscriber's charter documents (if the 
Subscriber is not a natural person) or any agreement to which the 
Subscriber is a party or by which it is bound. 5.6 REGULATION S 
REPRESENTATIONS, ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS AND WARRANTIES. 
------------------------------------------------------------------- (a) The 
Subscriber acknowledges that the Subscribed for Shares are being offered 
and sold in reliance on the exemptions from the registration requirements 
of the 1933 Act provided by the provisions of Regulation S as promulgated 
under the 1933 Act, and that the Subscribed for Shares may not be resold in 
the United State or to a US Person as defined in Regulation S, except 
pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from the 
registration provisions of the 1933 Act as evidenced by an opinion of 
counsel acceptable to the Company, and that in the absence of an effective 
registration statement covering the Subscribed for Shares or an available 
exemption from registration under the 1933 Act, the Subscribed for Shares 
must be held indefinitely. The Subscriber further acknowledges that this 
Agreement is not intended as a plan or scheme to evade the registration 
requirements of the 1933 Act; (b) The Subscriber is a resident of the 
country set forth on the signature page hereto; (c) the Subscriber is not a 
"US PERSON" as that term is defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S, as more 
fully set forth in EXHIBIT A hereto; ---------- (d) the Subscriber is not, 
and on the Closing Date will not be, an affiliate of the Company; (e) the 
Subscriber agrees that all offers and sales of the Subscribed for Shares 
shall be 6 made in compliance with all applicable laws of any applicable 
jurisdiction and, particularly, in accordance with Rules 903 and 904, as 
applicable, of Regulation S or pursuant to registration of the Subscribed 
for Shares under the 1933 Act or pursuant to an exemption from 
registration. In any case, none of the Subscribed for Shares have been and 
will be offered or sold by the Subscriber to, or for the account or benefit 
of a U.S. Person or within the United States until after the end of a one 
year period commencing on the date on which this Agreement is accepted by 
the Company (the "DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD"), except pursuant to an 
effective registration statement as to the Subscribed for Shares or an 
applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act. 
(f) the Subscribed for Shares have not been offered to the Subscriber in 
the United States and the individuals making the decision to purchase the 
Subscribed for Shares and executing and delivering this Agreement on behalf 
of the Subscriber were not in the United States when the decision was made 
and this Agreement was executed and delivered; (g) the Subscriber will not 
engage in any activity for the purpose of, or that could reasonably be 
expected to have the effect of, conditioning the market in the United 
States for any of the Subscribed for Shares; (h) neither the Subscriber nor 
any of his affiliates will directly or indirectly maintain any short 
position, purchase or sell put or call options or otherwise engage in any 
hedging activities in any of the Subscribed for Shares or any other 
Subscribed for Shares of the Company until after the end of the 
Distribution Compliance Period, and acknowledges that such activities are 
prohibited by Regulation S. 5.7 TRANSFER OF RESTRICTIONS. 
--------------------------- (a) The Subscriber acknowledges that the 
certificates representing Subscribed for Shares shall bear a legend 
substantially as follows: "THE SECURITIES TO WHICH THIS CERTIFICATE RELATES 
HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "1933 ACT") AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED 
THEREUNDER AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY (A) WITHIN 
THE UNITED STATES OR TO OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF U.S. PERSONS (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT AS TO SUCH SECURITIES UNDER, IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S 
AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF 
THE 1933 ACT, OR (B) IN CANADA OR TO RESIDENTS OF CANADA EXCEPT PURSUANT TO 
PROSPECTUS EXEMPTIONS UNDER THE APPLICABLE PROVINCIAL SECURITIES LAWS AND 
REGULATIONS OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION ORDER MADE BY THE APPROPRIATE 
PROVINCIAL SECURITIES REGULATOR, IN EACH CASE AS EVIDENCED BY AN OPINION OF 
COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY." 7 (b) The Subscriber understands and 
acknowledges that the Company has the right not to record a purported 
transfer of the Subscribed for Shares without the Company being satisfied 
that such transfer is exempt from or not subject to registration under the 
U.S. 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, as well as the 
Canadian Securities Laws. (c) The Subscriber understands and acknowledges 
that except as set forth in Section 7 hereof, the Company is not obligated 
to file and has no present intention of filing with the Commission or with 
any state or provincial securities administrator any registration statement 
or prospectus in respect of re-sales of the Subscribed for Shares in the 
country-regionplaceUnited States or elsewhere. (d) The Subscriber confirms 
that it has been advised to consult its own legal and financial advisors 
with respect to the suitability of the Subscribed for Shares as an 
investment for the Subscriber and the resale restrictions (including "hold 
periods") to which the Subscribed for Shares will be subject under 
applicable securities legislation and confirms that no representation has 
been made to the Subscriber by or on behalf of the Company with respect 
thereto. (e) The Subscriber will not resell any Subscribed for Shares 
except in accordance with the provisions of any applicable securities 
legislation and stock exchange rules. 5.8 NO OFFERING MEMORANDUM. 
------------------------ The Subscriber acknowledges that the offering is 
being conducted without delivery of an offering memorandum and that it has 
not relied on any oral representation, warranty or information in 
connection with the offering of the Subscribed for Shares by the Company, 
or any officer, employee, agent, affiliate or subsidiary of the Company. 
5.9 NO APPROVAL BY REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
--------------------------------------- The Subscriber understands that no 
securities commission, stock exchange, governmental agency, regulatory body 
or similar authority has made any finding or determination or expressed any 
opinion with respect to the merits of an investment in Offered Shares of 
which the Subscribed for Shares are a part. 5.10 NO REPRESENTATION AS TO 
VALUE OF SUBSCRIBED FOR SHARES. 
-------------------------------------------------------------- The 
Subscriber confirms that neither the Company nor any of its directors, 
employees, officers, consultants, agents or affiliates, has made any 
representations (written or oral) to the Subscriber regarding the future 
value of the Subscribed for Shares and acknowledges and confirms that no 
representation has been made to the Subscriber with respect to the listing 
of the Subscribed for Shares on any exchange or that application has been 
or will be made be made for such listing. In making its investment decision 
with respect to the Subscribed for Shares, the Subscriber has relied solely 
upon publicly available information relating to the Company and not upon 
any verbal or written representation made by or on behalf of the Company. 8 
5.11 NO ADVERTISEMENT. ----------------- The Subscriber is not and has not 
become aware of any advertisement in printed public media or on radio, 
television or other form of communication (including electronic display 
such as the Internet) with respect to the Offering. 5.12 CONDITIONAL 
CITYPLACESALE. -------------------------- The Subscriber understands that 
the sale and delivery of the Subscribed for Shares is conditional upon such 
sale being exempt from the registration and prospectus requirements under 
applicable securities legislation or upon the issuance of such orders, 
consents or approvals as may be required to permit such sale and delivery 
without complying with such requirements. 5.13 NO JOINT ACTION. 
----------------- Except as disclosed in writing to the Company, the 
Subscriber does not act jointly or in concert with any other person or 
company for the purposes of acquiring the Subscribed for Shares. 5.14 TAX 
CONSEQUENCES. ---------------- The investment in the Shares may have tax 
consequences under applicable taxation laws, that it is the sole 
responsibility of the Subscriber to determine and assess such tax 
consequences as may apply to its particular circumstances, and the 
Subscriber has not received and is not relying on the Company for any tax 
advice whatsoever. 6. RELIANCE AND INDEMNIFICATION. 
------------------------------ 6.1 RELIANCE AND TIMELINESS. 
------------------------- The Subscriber understands and acknowledges that 
(i) the Shares are being offered and sold to the Subscriber without 
registration under the Securities Act or applicable Canadian Securities 
Laws in a private placement that is exempt from the registration provisions 
of the Securities Act and/or the registration and prospectus requirements 
of applicable Canadian Securities Laws and (ii) the availability of such 
exemption, depends in part on, and the Company will rely upon, the accuracy 
and truthfulness of, the foregoing representations and warranties and the 
Subscriber hereby consents to such reliance. The Subscriber agrees that the 
representations, warranties and covenants of the Subscriber contained 
herein (or in any Representation Letter executed and delivered by the 
Subscriber pursuant to the provisions hereof) shall be true and correct 
both as of the execution of this Subscription Agreement and as of the 
Closing Date, and shall survive the completion of the distribution of the 
Shares. The Subscriber hereby agrees to notify the Company immediately of 
any change in any representation, warranty, covenant or other information 
relating to the Subscriber contained in this Agreement which takes place 
prior to Closing. 9 6.2 INDEMNIFICATION. ---------------- The Subscriber 
agrees to indemnify the Company, and each of its officers, directors, 
employees, consultants and agents from and against all losses, claims, 
costs, expenses, damages or liabilities that any of them they may suffer or 
incur as a result of or in connection with their reliance on such 
representations, warranties and covenants. The Subscriber acknowledges and 
agrees that the Company acts as trustee of the Subscriber's covenants 
hereunder for each of its officers, directors, employees, consultants and 
agents entitled to indemnity hereunder and shall be entitled to enforce 
such covenants on behalf of such persons. 7. REGISTRATION OF OFFERED 
SHARES. ---------------------------------- 7.1 FILING OF REGISTRATION 
STATEMENT. Within 270 days following the Closing Date (the "FILING PERIOD") 
the Company shall file, or cause to be filed on its behalf, a Registration 
Statement, with respect to all of the Offered Shares with the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "COMMISSION"), and will use its 
best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective 
by the Commission. The Company shall be obligated to maintain such 
Registration Statement effective for a period of two (2) years from the 
effective date of such Registration Statement. 7.2 NOTICE TO THE HOLDERS. 
The Company shall notify the holders of the Offered Shares (the "HOLDERS"), 
in writing (the "FILING NOTICE") at least 30 days prior to the intended 
date of filing of the Registration Statement of its intention to file the 
Registration Statement. The Holders of the Offered Shares shall provide the 
Company with all information (as more specifically set forth in Section 7.4 
hereof) regarding the Holder necessary for inclusion in the Registration 
Statement within 10 days following the Filing Notice. 7.3 EXPENSES. All 
expenses incurred in connection with a registration pursuant to this 
Section 7, including without limitation all registration and qualification 
fees, printers' and accounting fees, fees and disbursements of counsel for 
the Company and the reasonable fees and disbursements of one (1) counsel 
for the selling Holder or Holders up to an aggregate of $10,000, but 
excluding underwriters' discounts and commissions, shall be borne by the 
Company. Each Holder participating in a registration pursuant to this 
Section 7 shall bear such Holder's proportionate share (based on the total 
number of shares sold in such registration other than for the account of 
the Company) of all discounts, commissions or other amounts payable to 
underwriters or brokers in connection with such offering. The Company is 
not responsible or obligated to pay any legal fees incurred by the Holders 
in connection with the Registration Statement. 7.4 INFORMATION ABOUT THE 
HOLDERS. It shall be a condition precedent to ----------------------------- 
the obligations of the Company to take any action pursuant to Section 7 
that the selling Holders shall furnish to the Company such information 
regarding themselves, the Offered Shares held by them and the intended 
method of disposition of such securities as shall be required to timely 
effect the registration of their Offered Shares. 10 7.5 OBLIGATIONS OF THE 
COMPANY. Whenever required to effect the ----------------------------- 
registration of any Offered Shares under this Agreement, the Company shall, 
as expeditiously as reasonably possible: (a) prepare and file with the 
Commission a Registration Statement with respect to such Offered Shares and 
use its best efforts to cause such Registration Statement to become 
effective, and, keep such Registration Statement effective for up to 2 
years from the date such Registration Statement is declared effective; (b) 
prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and supplements to 
such Registration Statement and the prospectus used in connection with such 
Registration Statement as may be necessary to comply with the provisions of 
the 1933 Act with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by 
such Registration Statement; (c) furnish to the Holders such number of 
copies of a prospectus, including a preliminary prospectus, in conformity 
with the requirements of the 1933 Act, and such other documents as they may 
be reasonably required in order to facilitate the disposition of the 
Offered Shares owned by them that are included in such registration; (d) 
use its best efforts to register and qualify the securities covered by such 
Registration Statement under such other securities or Blue Sky laws of such 
jurisdictions as shall be reasonably requested by the Holders, provided 
that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a 
condition thereto to qualify to do business or to file a general consent to 
service of process in any such states or jurisdictions; (e) in the event of 
any underwritten public offering, enter into and perform its obligations 
under an underwriting agreement, in usual and customary form, with the 
managing underwriter(s) of such offering (it being understood and agreed 
that, as a condition to the Company's obligations under this clause (e), 
each Holder participating in such underwriting shall also enter into and 
perform its obligations under such an agreement); (f) notify each Holder of 
Offered Shares covered by such Registration Statement at any time when a 
prospectus relating thereto is required to be delivered under the 1933 Act 
on the happening of any event as a result of which the prospectus included 
in such Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue 
statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to 
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not 
misleading in the light of the circumstances then existing. 7.6 
INDEMNIFICATION. (a) BY THE COMPANY. To the extent permitted by law, the 
Company will indemnify and hold harmless each Holder, the partners, 
officers and directors of each Holder, any underwriter (as defined in the 
1933 Act) for such Holder and each person, if any, who controls such Holder 
or underwriter within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the Exchange Act, 
against any losses, claims, damages, or liabilities (joint or several) to 
which they may become subject under the 1933 Act, the Exchange Act or other 
federal or state law, insofar as such losses, claims, 11 damages, or 
liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon 
any of the following statements, omissions or violations (collectively a 
"Violation"): - any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a 
material fact contained in such Registration Statement, including any 
preliminary prospectus or final prospectus contained therein or any 
amendments or supplements thereto; - the omission or alleged omission to 
state therein a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary 
to make the statements therein not misleading; or - any violation or 
alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the Exchange Act, any 
federal or state securities law or any rule or regulation promulgated under 
the 1933 Act, the Exchange Act or any federal or state securities law in 
connection with the offering covered by such Registration Statement; and 
the Company will reimburse each such Holder, partner, officer or director, 
underwriter or controlling person for any legal or other expenses 
reasonably incurred by them, as incurred, in connection with investigating 
or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, 
however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this subsection (a) 
shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such loss, claim, 
damage, liability or action if such settlement is effected without the 
consent of the Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), 
nor shall the Company be liable in any such case for any such loss, claim, 
damage, liability or action to the extent that it arises out of or is based 
upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with 
written information furnished expressly for use in connection with such 
registration by such Holder, partner, officer, director, underwriter or 
controlling person of such Holder. (b) BY SELLING HOLDERS. To the extent 
permitted by law, each selling Holder will indemnify and hold harmless the 
Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who have signed the 
Registration Statement, each person, if any, who controls the Company 
within the meaning of the 1933 Act, any underwriter and any other Holder 
selling securities under such Registration Statement or any of such other 
Holder's partners, directors or officers or any person who controls such 
Holder within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the Exchange Act, against any 
losses, claims, damages or liabilities (joint or several) to which the 
Company or any such director, officer, controlling person, underwriter or 
other such Holder, partner or director, officer or controlling person of 
such other Holder may become subject under the 1933 Act, the Exchange Act 
or other federal or state law, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or 
liabilities (or actions in respect thereto) arise out of or are based upon 
any Violation, in each case to the extent (and only to the extent) that 
such Violation occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written 
information furnished by such Holder expressly for use in connection with 
such registration; and each such Holder will reimburse any legal or other 
expenses reasonably incurred and as incurred by the Company or any such 
director, officer, controlling person, underwriter or other Holder, 
partner, officer, director or controlling person of such other Holder in 
connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, 
liability or action; provided, however, that the indemnity agreement 
contained in this Section 7.6.2 shall not apply to amounts paid in 
settlement of any such loss, claim, damage, liability or action if such 12 
settlement is effected without the consent of the Holder, which consent 
shall not be unreasonably withheld. (c) NOTICE. Promptly after receipt by 
an indemnified party under this Section 7.6 of notice of the commencement 
of any Proceeding, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect 
thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 
7.6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement 
thereof and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, 
and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any 
other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume the defense thereof 
with counsel mutually satisfactory to the parties; provided, however, that 
an indemnified party shall have the right to retain its own counsel, with 
the fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if joint 
representation of such indemnified party by the counsel retained by the 
indemnifying party is required to be refused by such counsel due to actual 
or potential conflict of interests between such indemnified party and any 
other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The failure to 
deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time 
of the commencement of any such action, if prejudicial to its ability to 
defend such action, shall relieve such indemnifying party of any liability 
to the indemnified party under this Section 7.6, but the omission so to 
deliver written notice to the indemnifying party will not relieve it of any 
liability that it may have to any indemnified party otherwise than under 
this Section 7.6. 7.7 DEFECT ELIMINATED IN FINAL PROSPECTUS. The foregoing 
indemnity agreements of the Company and Holders are subject to the 
condition that, insofar as they relate to any Violation made in a 
preliminary prospectus but eliminated or remedied in the amended prospectus 
on file with the Commission at the time the Registration Statement in 
question becomes effective or the amended prospectus filed with the 
Commission pursuant to Commission Rule 424(b) (the "Final Prospectus"), 
such indemnity agreement shall not inure to the benefit of any person if a 
copy of the Final Prospectus (i) was furnished to the indemnified party and 
(ii) was not furnished to the person asserting the loss, liability, claim 
or damage at or prior to the time such action is required by the 1933 Act. 
8. MISCELLANEOUS. -------------- 8.1 AMENDMENT; WAIVERS. 
------------------- No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended 
except in a written instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by both 
the Company and the Subscriber; or, in the case of a waiver, by the party 
against whom enforcement of any such waiver is sought. No waiver of any 
default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this 
Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a 
waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall 
any delay or omission of either party to exercise any right hereunder in 
any manner impair the exercise of any such right accruing to it thereafter. 
13 8.2 SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 
---------------------------------------------- All representations, 
warranties and agreements contained herein or made in writing by or on 
behalf of any party to this Agreement in connection herewith shall survive 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement. 8.3 SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS; 
NO THIRD PARTY. ------------------------------------------- All covenants 
and agreements in this Agreement contained by or on behalf of the parties 
hereto shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and 
their respective successors and assigns and, to the extent provided in this 
Agreement. 8.4 NOTICES. ------- Any and all notices or other communications 
or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the 
date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via 
facsimile at the facsimile telephone number specified in this Section prior 
to 4:30 p.m. (Pacific Standard Time) on a business day, (ii) the business 
day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is 
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile telephone number specified in the 
this Agreement later than 4:30 p.m. (Pacific Standard Time) on any date and 
earlier than 11:59 p.m. (Pacific Standard Time) on such date, (iii) the 
business day following the date of mailing, if sent by nationally 
recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the 
party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such 
notices and communications shall be as follows: If to the Company: Aurora 
Gold Corporation 30 Ledger Road Balcatta, Western Australia 6021 Australia 
If to the Subscriber: At the address set forth below the Subscriber's name 
on the signature page hereto; or such other address as may be designated in 
writing hereafter, in the same manner, by such party. 8.5 HEADINGS. 
-------- The headings herein are inserted for convenience only and do not 
constitute a part of this Agreement. Whenever the context requires, the 
gender of any word used in this Agreement includes the masculine, feminine 
or neuter, and the number of any word includes the singular or plural. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to articles and 
sections refer to articles and sections of this Agreement, and all 
references to schedules are to schedules attached hereto, each of which is 
made a part hereof for all purposes. The descriptive headings of the 
several articles and sections of this Agreement are inserted for purposes 
of reference only, and shall not affect the meaning or construction of any 
of the provisions hereof. 14 8.6 GOVERNING LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION. 
------------------------------------------ The corporate laws of the State 
of Delaware shall govern all issues concerning the relative rights of the 
Company and its stockholders. All other questions concerning the 
construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement 
shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without 
giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule 
(whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would 
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State 
of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting the City of New York, 
for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or 
with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby 
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or 
proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction 
of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an 
inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is 
improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process 
and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding 
by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to 
it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good 
and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained 
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in 
any manner permitted by law. If any provision of this Agreement shall be 
invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or 
unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the 
remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or 
enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other 
jurisdiction. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, 
AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE 
HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY 
TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 8.7 REMEDIES. -------- In addition to 
being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, 
including recovery of damages, the Subscriber will be entitled to specific 
performance of the obligations of the Company hereunder. The Company and 
the Subscriber agree that monetary damages would not be adequate 
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of its 
obligations described in the foregoing sentence and hereby agrees to waive 
in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense 
that a remedy at law would be adequate. 8.8 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. 
----------------- This Agreement and the other writings referred to herein 
or delivered pursuant hereto contain the entire agreement among the parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior and 
contemporaneous arrangements or understandings with respect thereto. 15 
8.9 SEVERABILITY. ------------ Any provision of this Agreement that is 
prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such 
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or 
unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and 
the parties will attempt to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision 
which shall be a reasonable substitute therefore, and upon so agreeing, 
shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Agreement. Any such 
prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or 
render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 8.10 
COUNTERPARTS. ------------ This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement 
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party 
and delivered to the other party. This Agreement, once executed by a party, 
may be delivered to the other parties hereto by facsimile transmission of a 
copy of this Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering 
this Agreement. In the event any signature is delivered by facsimile 
transmission, the party using such means of delivery shall cause the 
manually executed execution page(s) hereof to be physically delivered to 
the other party within five days of the execution hereof, provided that the 
failure to so deliver any manually executed execution page shall not affect 
the validity or enforceability of this Agreement. 8.11 FEES AND EXPENSES. 
----------------- Except as otherwise provided herein, each of the parties 
hereto shall pay its own fees and expenses, including attorney fees, in 
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 8.12 
REFERENCE DATE AND EFFECTIVE DATE. ----------------------------------- The 
"REFERENCE DATE" for this Agreement is January 23, 2006. The date of 
acceptance of this Agreement by the Company, as set forth on the signature 
page, shall be the "EFFECTIVE DATE" hereof. SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE NEXT 
PAGE [THE BALANCE OF THIS PAGE HAS BEEN INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 16 IN 
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto caused this Agreement to be duly 
executed as of the dates set forth below. NUMBER 
----------------------------------------- OF SHARES: (NAME OF SUBSCRIBER - 
PLEASE PRINT) --------------------- By: AGGREGATE CONSIDERATION: $ 
------------------------------------- ------ (Signature of Subscriber) PAID 
BY DELIVERY OF $ Print Name: -------- ------------------------------ DATE 
THE SUBSCRIPTION Title: ---------- 
------------------------------------------ SUBSCRIBER'S TAX (Please print 
name of individual whose IDENTIFICATION NO. N/A signature appears above if 
different than -------------- the name of the subscriber printed above.) 
DATE AGREEMENT SIGNED BY THE SUBSCRIBER: -------------------- 
----------------------------------------- (Subscriber's Address including 
Country of Residence) ----------------------------------------- (Telephone 
Number) (Facsimile Number) ACCEPTANCE The Company hereby accepts the above 
subscription for Subscribed for Shares of the Company effective the 
______day of _____________, 2006. AURORA GOLD CORPORATION By: 
------------------------- Cameron Richardson, CFO 17 EXHIBIT A --------- 
REGULATION S - DEFINITION OF US PERSON 
-------------------------------------- Rule 902(k) of Regulation S states: 
(1) "US person" means: (i) Any natural person resident in the United 
States; (1) (ii) Any partnership or Company organized or incorporated under 
the laws of the United States; (iii) Any estate of which any executor or 
administrator is a US person; (iv) Any trust of which any trustee is a US 
person; (v) Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United 
States; (vi) Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than 
an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary for the benefit or 
account of a US person; (vii) Any discretionary account or similar account 
(other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary 
organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United 
States; and (viii) Any partnership or Company if: (A) Organized or 
incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and (B) Formed by 
a US person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not 
registered under the 1933 Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and 
owned, by accredited investors (as defined in Rule 501(a)) who are not 
natural persons, estates or trusts. (2) The following are not "US persons": 
(i) Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or 
trust) held for the benefit or account of a non-US person by a dealer or 
other professional fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) 
resident in the United States; (ii) Any estate of which any professional 
fiduciary acting as executor or administrator is a US person if: 18 (A) An 
executor or administrator of the estate who is not a US person has sold or 
Subscribed for Shares investment discretion with respect to the assets of 
the estate; and (B) The estate is governed by foreign law; (iii) Any trust 
of which any professional fiduciary acting as trustee is a US person, if a 
trustee who is not a US person has sole or shared investment discretion 
with respect to the trust assets, and no beneficiary of the trust (and no 
settler if the trust is revocable) is a US person; (iv) An employee benefit 
plan established and administrated in accordance with the law of a country 
other than the United States and customary practices and documentation of 
such country; (v) Any agency or branch of a US person located outside the 
United States if: (A) The agency or branch operates for valid business 
reasons; and (B) The agency or branch is engaged in the business of 
insurance or banking and is subject to substantive insurance or banking 
regulation, respectively, in the jurisdiction where located; and (vi) The 
International Monetary Fund, the International Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, the Inter-American Development Bank, the Asian Development 
Bank, the African Development Bank, the United Nations, and their agencies, 
affiliates and pension plans, and any other similar international 
organizations, their agencies, affiliates and pension plans. (1) United 
States. "United States" means the United States of America, its territories 
and possessions, any State of the United States, and the District of 
Columbia. 19