 EX-10.8 11 m0839exhibit108.htm SCHEDULE TO THE MASTER AGREEMENT

SCHEDULE
to the
Master Agreement


dated as of November 2, 2007


between


JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
(“Morgan”)
and
BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1
(“Counterparty”)

Part 1

Termination Provisions


In this Agreement:


      (1)
      “Specified Entity” shall not apply.


      (2)
      The “Breach of Agreement” provisions of Section 5(a)(ii) will apply
      to Morgan and will not apply to the Counterparty.


      (3)
      The “Credit Support Default” provisions of Section 5(a)(iii) will
      apply to Morgan and will not apply to the Counterparty, except that
      Section 5(a)(iii)(1) will apply to Counterparty in respect of
      Counterparty’s obligations under Paragraph 3(b) of the Approved
      Credit Support Document.


      (4)
      The “Misrepresentation” provisions of Section 5(a)(iv) will apply to
      Morgan and will not apply to the Counterparty.


      (5)
      The “Default Under Specified Transaction” provisions of Section
      5(a)(v) will apply to Morgan and will not apply to the Counterparty.


      (6)
      The “Cross Default” provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will not apply to
      the Counterparty.  The “Cross Default” provisions of Section 5(a)(vi)
      will apply to Morgan and for such purpose:


            (a)
            “Specified Indebtedness” will have the meaning specified in
            Section 14, except that such term shall not include obligations
            in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of such
            party’s banking business.


            (b)
            “Threshold Amount” means, with respect to Morgan, an amount
            equal to three percent of the shareholders’ equity of the
            applicable Relevant Entity (as defined below in Part 6).


      (7)
      The “Bankruptcy” provisions of Section 5(a)(vii) shall apply to
      Morgan and the Counterparty provided that:


            (a)
            Section 5(a)(vii)(2), (7) and (9) will not apply to the
            Counterparty;


            (b)
            Section 5(a)(vii)(4) will not apply to the Counterparty to the
            extent that it refers to proceedings or petitions instituted or
            presented by Morgan or any of Morgan’s Affiliates;


            (c)
            Section 5(a)(vii)(6) will not apply to the Counterparty to the
            extent that it refers to (i) any appointment that is
            contemplated or effected by any document to which the
            Counterparty is, as of the date of this Agreement, a party in
            connection with the transactions contemplated by the Indenture
            and the other agreements related thereto or (ii) any such
            appointment to which the Counterparty has not yet become
            subject to; and


            (d)
            Section 5(a)(vii)(8) will apply to the Counterparty but only to
            the extent that it applies to Sections 5(a)(vii)(2), (4), (6)
            and (7) as they apply with respect to the Counterparty).


      (8)
      The “Merger Without Assumption” provisions of Section 5(a)(viii) will
      apply to Morgan and will not apply to the Counterparty.


      (9)
      The “Tax Event” provisions of Section 5(b)(ii) will apply to Morgan
      and to the Counterparty, provided that the words “(x) any action
      taking by a taxing authority, or brought in a court of competent
      jurisdiction, on or after the date on which a Transaction is entered
      into (regardless of whether such action is taken or brought with
      respect to a party to this Agreement) or (y)” shall be deleted.


      (10)
      The “Tax Event Upon Merger” provisions of Section 5(b)(iii) will
      apply, provided that Morgan shall not be entitled to designate an
      Early termination Date by reason of a Tax event Upon Merger in
      respect of which it is the Affected Party.


      (11)
      The “Credit Event Upon Merger” provisions of Section 5(b)(iv) will
      not apply to Morgan and will not apply to the Counterparty.


      (12)
      The “Automatic Early Termination” provisions of Section 6(a) will not
      apply to Morgan and will not apply to the Counterparty.


      (13)
      The “Transfer to Avoid Termination Event” provisions of 6(b)(ii) will
      apply to Morgan and the Counterparty, provided that the words “or if
      a Tax Event Upon Merger occurs and the Burdened Party is the Affected
      Party” shall be deleted.


      (14)
      “Termination Currency” means United States Dollars.


      (15)
      For purposes of computing amounts payable on early termination:


            (a)
            Market Quotation will apply to this Agreement; and


            (b)
            The Second Method will apply to this Agreement.


      (16)
      The occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute an
      “Additional Termination Event” for purposes of Section 5(b)(v):


            (a) a notice of optional redemption of the Trust pursuant to
            Section 10.01 of the Indenture is issued and is no longer
            capable of being rescinded.  If this Additional Termination
            Event occurs, the Counterparty shall be the sole Affected Party
            and this Transaction shall be the sole Affected Transaction;
            provided, however, that notwithstanding Section 6(b)(iv),
            either party may designate an Early Termination Date in respect
            of this Additional Termination Event; provided, further, that
            such Early Termination Date shall not be prior to ten Business
            Days prior to the final Distribution Date; or


            (b) the occurrence of an Additional Termination Event as set
            forth in Part 6 hereof.  If this Additional Termination Event
            occurs, Morgan shall be the sole Affected Party and all
            Transactions then outstanding between the parties shall be
            Affected Transactions.


Part 2

Tax Representations


      (1)
      Payer Tax Representation:


For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Morgan makes the 
following representation:


      It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice
      of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant
      Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account
      of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 2(e),
      6(d)(ii) or 6(e) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other
      party under this Agreement.  In making this representation, it may
      rely on:


            (i)
            the accuracy of any representations made by the other party
            pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement;


            (ii)
            the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained
            in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and the
            accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the
            other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this
            Agreement; and


            (iii)
            the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained
            in Section 4(d) of this Agreement,


      provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where
      reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party does not
      deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement
      by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.


      (2)
      Payee Tax Representation:


      For the purpose of Section 3(f), Morgan and Counterparty each
      represent that it is a United States Person.


Part 3

Agreement to Deliver Documents


For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and (ii), each party agrees to deliver 
the following documents, as applicable:


      (1)
      For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement,
      Counterparty agrees to deliver complete and accurate United States
      Internal Revenue Service Forms W-9 (or any applicable successor
      form), in the name of BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1, in a manner
      reasonably satisfactory to Morgan, (I) upon execution of this
      Agreement; (II) promptly upon reasonable demand of Morgan, and (III)
      promptly upon learning that any such form previously filed by
      Counterparty has become obsolete or incorrect.


      (2)
      Morgan will, on demand, deliver a certificate specifying the name(s),
      title(s) and specimen signature(s) of the person(s) executing this
      Agreement and each Confirmation on its behalf.


      (3)
      The Counterparty will, on demand, deliver a certificate (or, if
      available, the current authorized signature book of the Counterparty)
      specifying the names, title and specimen signatures of the persons
      authorized to execute this Agreement and each Confirmation on its
      behalf.


      (4)
      The Counterparty will, upon execution of this Agreement, deliver a
      conformed copy of the Indenture.


      (5)
      Each party will, upon execution of this Agreement, deliver a legal
      opinion of counsel in form and substance satisfactory to the other
      party regarding this Agreement and any other matters as such other
      party may reasonably request.


      (6)
      The Counterparty shall supply Morgan with copies of all accountings
      and reports required to be supplied to a party that is a Noteholder
      (as defined in the Indenture).  Copies of such accountings and/or
      reports shall be delivered to Morgan at the following address:


            JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association
            c/o John Coffey
            270 Park Avenue
            New York, New York 10017
            e-mail address:  john.j.coffey@jpmorgan.com


Each of the foregoing documents (other than the legal opinions described in 
(6) above) is covered by the representation contained in Section 3(d) of 
this Agreement.


Part 4

Miscellaneous


      (1)
      Governing Law.  This Agreement will be governed by and construed in
      accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference
      to choice of law doctrine.


      (2)
      Notices.


            (a)
            In connection with Section 12(a), all notices to Morgan shall,
            with respect to any particular Transaction, be sent to the
            address, telex number or facsimile number specified in the
            relevant Confirmation and any notice for purposes of Sections 5
            or 6 of the Agreement shall be sent to the address or telex
            number specified below:


            JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
            Attention:  Legal Department-Derivatives Practice Group
            270 Park Avenue, 41st Floor
            New York, New York  10017-2070
            Telex No.: 232337; Answerback:  CBC UR
            Facsimile No.:  (212) 270-3620


            (b)
            In connection with Section 12(a), all notices to the
            Counterparty shall, with respect to any particular 
            Transaction, be sent to the address, telex number or facsimile
            number specified in the relevant Confirmation and any notice
            for purposes of Sections 5 or 6 of the Agreement shall be sent
            to the address or telex number specified below:


            BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1
            c/o Wilmington Trust Company, as the Owner Trustee
            Rodney Square North
            1100 North Market Street
            Wilmington, Delaware 19890-1600


            With a copy to:


            BMW Financial Services NA, LLC
            300 Chestnut Ridge Road
            Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 07677
            Attention:  General Counsel


      (3)
      Netting of Payments.  Section 2(c)(ii) of this Agreement will apply,
      with the effect that payment netting will not take place with respect
      to amounts due and owing in respect of more than one Transaction.


      (4)
      Offices; Multibranch Party.  For purposes of Section 10:


            (a)
            Section 10(a) will apply; and


            (b)
            For the purpose of Section 10(c):


                  (i)
                  Morgan is a Multibranch Party and may act through its
                  London and New York Offices.


                  (ii)
                  The Counterparty is not a Multibranch Party.


      (5)
      Credit Support Documents.


      With respect to Morgan, if applicable, any Eligible Guarantee
      delivered by Morgan shall constitute a Credit Support Document.


      With respect to Morgan and the Counterparty, the Approved Credit
      Support Document (as defined herein) entered into between Morgan and
      the Counterparty shall constitute a Credit Support Document. An
      Approved Credit Support Document shall be executed and delivered
      contemporaneously with this Agreement.


      (6)
      Credit Support Provider.


      With respect to Morgan, the party guaranteeing Morgan’s obligations
      pursuant to an Eligible Guarantee, if any, shall be a Credit Support
      Provider.


      (7)
      Process Agents.  The Counterparty appoints as its Process Agent for
      the purpose of Section 13(c): Not Applicable


Part 5

Other Provisions


      (1)
      ISDA Definitions.  Reference is hereby made to the 2000 ISDA
      Definitions (the “ISDA Definitions”) each as published by the
      International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., which are
      hereby incorporated by reference herein.  Any terms used and not
      otherwise defined herein, which are contained in the ISDA
      Definitions, shall have the meaning set forth therein, except that
      any references in the ISDA Definitions to a “Swap Transaction” shall
      be deemed references to a “Transaction” for purposes of this
      Agreement, and references to a “Transaction” in this Agreement shall
      be deemed references to a “Swap Transaction” for purposes of the ISDA
      Definitions.


      (2)
      Scope of Agreement.  The parties hereto agree that the sole
      Confirmation shall govern this Transaction.


      (3)
      Inconsistency.  In the event of any inconsistency between any of the
      following documents, the relevant document first listed below shall
      govern:  (i) a Confirmation; (ii) the Schedule; (iii) the ISDA
      Definitions; and (iv) the printed form of ISDA Master Agreement,
      dated as of the date hereof between Morgan and the Counterparty.


      (4)
      Calculation Agent.  The Calculation Agent will be Morgan; provided,
      however, that if an Event of Default shall have occurred with respect
      to which Morgan is the Defaulting Party, Counterparty shall have the
      right to designate as Calculation Agent an independent party,
      reasonably acceptable to Morgan, the cost of which shall be borne by
      Morgan.


      (5)
      Waiver of Jury Trial.  Each party waives, to the fullest extent
      permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury
      in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this
      Agreement or any Credit Support Document.  Each party (i) certifies
      that no representative, agent or attorney of the other party or any
      Credit Support Provider has represented, expressly or otherwise, that
      such other party would not, in the event of such a suit, action or
      proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii)
      acknowledges that it and the other party have been induced to enter
      into this Agreement and provide for any Credit Support Document, as
      applicable, by, among other things, the mutual waivers and
      certifications in this Section.


      (6)
      No Petition; Limited Recourse.  Morgan hereby agrees that it shall
      not until a period of one year and one day (or if longer, the
      applicable preference period) after all rated liabilities of the
      Counterparty have been indefeasibly paid in full institute against,
      or join any other person in instituting against the Counterparty any
      bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or
      liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under U.S. federal or
      state or other bankruptcy or similar laws.  Notwithstanding the
      foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent Morgan from participating in
      any such proceeding once commenced.  This provision shall survive
      termination of this Agreement.


      Morgan hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Counterparty’s
      obligations hereunder will be solely the limited recourse obligations
      of the Counterparty payable solely in accordance with the priority of
      payments set out in the Indenture, and that Morgan will not have any
      recourse to any of the directors, officers, employees, shareholders
      or affiliates of the Counterparty with respect to any claims, losses,
      damages, liabilities, indemnities or other obligations in connection
      with any transactions contemplated hereby.  Notwithstanding any other
      provisions hereof, recourse in respect of any obligations of the
      Counterparty to Morgan hereunder or thereunder will be limited to the
      Counterparty and on the exhaustion thereof all claims against the
      Counterparty arising from this Confirmation or any other transactions
      contemplated hereby or thereby shall be extinguished.


      (7)
      Limitation of Liability.  It is expressly understood and agreed by
      the parties that (a) this document is executed and delivered by
      Wilmington Trust Company, not individually or personally, but solely
      as Owner Trustee, in the exercise of the powers and authority
      conferred and vested in it, pursuant to the Trust Agreement, (b) each
      of the representations, undertakings and agreements herein made on
      the part of the Counterparty is made and intended not as personal
      representations, undertakings and agreements by Wilmington Trust
      Company but is made and intended for the purpose for binding only the
      Counterparty, (c) nothing herein contained shall be construed as
      creating any liability on Wilmington Trust Company, individually or
      personally, to perform any covenant either expressed or implied
      contained herein, all such liability, if any, being expressly waived
      by the parties hereto and by any person claiming by, through or under
      the parties hereto, and (d) under no circumstances shall Wilmington
      Trust Company be personally liable for the payment of any
      indebtedness or expenses of the Counterparty or be liable for the
      breach or failure of any obligation, representation, warranty or
      covenant made or undertaken by the Counterparty under this Agreement
      or any other related documents.


      (8)
      Additional Representations.


            (a)
            Section 3 is hereby amended by adding at the end thereof the
            following paragraphs:


      “(g) It is an “eligible contract participant” under, and as defined
      in, Section 1a(12) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.


      (h) Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the
      date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written
      agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative
      obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):


                  (i)
                  Non-Reliance.  It is acting for its own account, and it
                  has made its own independent decisions to enter into that
                  Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is
                  appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment
                  and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed
                  necessary.  It is not relying on any communication
                  (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice
                  or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it
                  being understood that information and explanations
                  related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction
                  shall not be considered investment advice or a
                  recommendation to enter into that Transaction.  No
                  communication (written or oral) received from the other
                  party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as
                  to the expected results of that Transaction.


                  (ii)
                  Assessment and Understanding.  It is capable of assessing
                  the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or
                  through independent professional advice), and understands
                  and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that
                  Transaction.  It is also capable of assuming, and
                  assumes, the risks of that Transaction.


                  (iii)
                  Status of Parties.  The other party is not acting as a
                  fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that
                  Transaction.”


            (b)
            The additional representation shall be given by Morgan only:


      “(i)
      Pari Passu. Its obligations under this Agreement rank equal and
      ratably with all of its other unsecured, unsubordinated obligations
      except those obligations preferred by operation of law.”


      (9)
      Amendment to Section 9(b) of the Agreement.  Section 9(b) of the
      Agreement is amended by adding the following sentence immediately
      following the end of the first sentence thereof:


            “In addition, no amendment modification or waiver in respect of
            this Agreement will be effective unless the Rating Agency
            Condition is satisfied.”


      (10)
      Set-off.  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement or any
      other existing or future agreement, but subject to Section 2(c),
      Section 6 and Part 6(3)(viii) of this Schedule a, each party
      irrevocably waives any and all rights it may have to set off, net,
      recoup or otherwise withhold or suspend or condition payment or
      performance of any obligation between it and the other party
      hereunder against any obligation between it and the other party under
      any other agreements.  The provisions for Set-off set forth in
      Section 6(e) of the Agreement shall not apply to this Agreement.


      (11)
      Amendment to Section 6(e) of the Agreement.  Section 6(e) of the
      Agreement is amended by deleting the last sentence of the
      introductory paragraph thereof.


      (12)
      Modification to Definition of Indemnifiable Tax. Notwithstanding the
      definition of “Indemnifiable Tax” in Section 14, in relation to
      payments by Morgan, any Tax shall be an Indemnifiable Tax, and in
      relations to payments by the Counterparty, no Tax shall be an
      Indemnifiable Tax. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing sentence
      shall not by itself modify either party's right to terminate a
      Transaction based on the occurrence of a Tax Event or a Tax Event
      Upon Merger.


      (13)
      Waiver of Tax Confidentiality.  Notwithstanding anything herein to
      the contrary, any party subject to confidentiality obligations
      hereunder or under any other related document (and any employee,
      representative or other agent of such party) may disclose to any and
      all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal income
      tax treatment and the U.S. federal income tax structure of the
      transactions contemplated hereby and all materials of any kind
      (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to it
      relating to such tax treatment and tax structure.  However, no such
      party shall disclose any information relating to such tax treatment
      or tax structure to the extent nondisclosure is reasonably necessary
      in order to comply with applicable securities laws.


      (14)
      Rating Agency Notifications. Notwithstanding any other provision of
      this Agreement, this Agreement shall not be amended, no Early
      Termination Date shall be effectively designated by the Counterparty,
      and no transfer of any rights or obligations under this Agreement
      shall be made (other than a transfer of all of Morgan’s rights and
      obligations with respect to this Agreement in accordance with Part
      6(2)(A) below) unless Moody’s and S&P have each been given prior
      written notice of such amendment, designation or transfer.


Part 6

Downgrade Provisions; Transfer; Payments on Early Termination;


      (1)
      Ratings Downgrade Provisions.


Following the occurrence of a Ratings Event I and/or a Ratings Event II, 
for as long as such Ratings Event I or Ratings Event II is continuing, the 
parties shall comply with the following provisions, as applicable.


            I.
            Ratings Event I:


            A.
            Actions upon Ratings Event 1:  Not later than:


                  (i)
                  30 calendar days in the case of a Ratings Event I with
                  respect to Moody’s only; and


                  (ii)
                  ten Business Days in the case of a Ratings Event I with
                  respect to S&P:


      after a Ratings Event I has occurred and is continuing, Morgan shall,
      at its own expense deliver Eligible Collateral to Counterparty in
      accordance with the terms of the Approved Credit Support Document
      and, following such delivery, maintain Eligible Collateral as
      required under the Approved Credit Support Document;


      Morgan’s obligations under this Part 6(1)(I) shall cease, solely with
      respect to such occurrence, if (A) there is no Ratings Event I or (B)
      Morgan has, at its own expense, either provided an Eligible Guarantee
      in respect of all Morgan’s present and future obligations under this
      Agreement or transferred its rights and obligations pursuant to a
      Qualifying Novation in accordance with the terms of this Schedule.


            B.
            Eligible Guarantee or Eligible Replacement below Ratings Event
            I Levels


      If a Qualifying Novation is made to an Eligible Replacement or an
      Eligible Guarantee is provided and, immediately after the execution
      of such Qualifying Novation or Eligible Guarantee (as applicable),
      there is a Ratings Event I, then (so long as such Ratings Event I is
      continuing) Part 6(1)(I.A.) above shall apply without regard to the
      30 calendar day time (or 10 Business Day) period referred to therein.


            II.
            Ratings Event II


            A.
            Actions upon Ratings Event II


If a Ratings Event II has occurred and is continuing, the following shall 
occur.


      Morgan shall, at its own expense, use commercially reasonable efforts
      to, as soon as reasonably practicable (and, in the case of a Ratings
      Event II with respect to S&P only, within 60 calendar days):


            (A) provide, or cause to be provided, an Eligible Guarantee to
            Counterparty in respect of all Morgan’s present and future
            obligations under this Agreement;


            or


            (B) transfer Morgan’s rights and obligations under the
            Agreement and all Confirmations pursuant to a Qualifying
            Novation.


      If, immediately prior to such Ratings Event II, Morgan is required to
      deliver and maintain Eligible Collateral following a Ratings Event I,
      Morgan shall continue to maintain Eligible Collateral under the
      Approved Credit Support Document.


            If, immediately prior to such Ratings Event II, Morgan is not
            required to deliver and maintain Eligible Collateral following
            a Ratings Event I, then Morgan shall post Eligible Collateral,
            within ten Business Days following a Ratings Event II with
            respect to S&P, in accordance with the terms of the Approved
            Credit Support Document until Morgan has provided an Eligible
            Guarantee in respect of all Morgan’s present and future
            obligations under this Agreement or transferred its rights and
            obligations pursuant to a Qualifying Novation in accordance
            with terms of this Schedule. In addition, Morgan shall continue
            to use commercially reasonable efforts to either transfer its
            rights and obligations pursuant to a Qualifying Novation or to
            provide an Eligible Guarantee in accordance with terms of this
            Schedule.


      Morgan’s obligations under this Part 6(1)II shall cease, solely with
      respect to such occurrence, if (A) there is no Rating Events II or
      (B) Morgan has either provided an Eligible Guarantee in respect of
      all Morgan’s present and future obligations under this Agreement or
      transferred its rights and obligations pursuant to a Qualifying
      Novation, in either case in accordance with the terms of this
      Schedule.


            B.
            Ratings Event II Event of Default/Additional Termination Event


      Failure by Morgan to comply with the requirement of this Part 6(1)II
      to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain an Eligible
      Guarantee in respect of all Morgan’s present and future obligations
      under this Agreement or Qualifying Novation shall constitute an Event
      of Default with respect to Morgan.


      If Morgan has not, within 10 Business Days of the occurrence of a
      Ratings Event II (or 60 calendar days in the case of a Ratings Event
      II with respect to S&P only), obtained an Eligible Guarantee in
      respect of all Morgan’s present and future obligations under this
      Agreement or effected a Qualifying Novation, and such Ratings Event
      II is continuing, it shall constitute an Additional Termination Event
      in respect of which Morgan is the sole Affected Party and all
      Transactions are Affected Transactions; provided that where there is
      a Ratings Event II with respect to Moody’s only, it will only
      constitute an Additional Termination Event if one or more Eligible
      Replacements has made a Firm Offer (in response to solicitation
      either by Morgan or the Counterparty) to be the transferee of a
      transfer pursuant to a Qualifying Novation and/or (b) at least one
      entity has made a Firm Offer to provide an Eligible Guarantee in
      respect of all Morgan’s present and future obligations under this
      Agreement.


      Failure by Morgan to post or maintain Eligible Collateral in
      accordance with the Approved Credit Support Document shall be an
      Event of Default under Section 5(a)(iii).


            III.
            Definitions


      As used herein:


       “Approved Credit Support Document” means the 1994 ISDA Credit
      Support Annex (ISDA Agreements Subject to New York Law Only), as
      modified by the Paragraph 13 thereto, in the form annexed hereto. An
      Approved Credit Support Document will be executed and delivered
      contemporaneously with this Agreement.


      “Business Day” shall have the meaning given to this term in the
      Confirmation.


      “Eligible Guarantee” means an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee
      that is provided by a guarantor as principal debtor rather than as
      surety and directly enforceable by the Counterparty and that meets
      the following conditions:


                  1.
                  either (A) a law firm has given a legal opinion
                  confirming that none of the guarantor’s payments to the
                  Counterparty will be subject to withholding tax or (B)
                  such guarantee provides that, in the event that any of
                  such guarantor’s payments to the Counterparty are subject
                  to withholding for tax, such guarantor is required to pay
                  such additional amount as is necessary to ensure that the
                  net amount actually received by the Counterparty will
                  equal the full amount the Counterparty would have
                  received had no such withholding been required; and


                  2.
                  the guarantor must meet the Ratings Event I Required
                  Ratings and/or Ratings Event II Required Ratings in each
                  case certified by such guarantor to Counterparty,
                  provided that if such guarantor does not meet the Ratings
                  Event I Required Ratings, such guarantee shall not be an
                  Eligible Guarantee unless either the guarantor or Morgan
                  delivers Eligible Collateral in accordance with the
                  Approved Credit Support Document at the time such
                  Eligible Guarantee is provided; and


                  3.
                  the Rating Agency Condition has been met with respect to
                  S&P.


      “Eligible Replacement” means (i) an entity that satisfies the Ratings
      Event I Required Ratings and/or the Ratings Event II Required Ratings
      in each case certified by Morgan to Counterparty or (ii) an entity
      whose present and future obligations owing to the Counterparty are
      guaranteed pursuant to an Eligible Guarantee by a guarantor that
      satisfies the Ratings Event I Required Ratings and/or Ratings Event
      II Required Ratings in each case certified by such guarantor to
      Counterparty.


      “Financial Institution” means a bank, broker-dealer, insurance
      company, structured investment company, or derivatives product
      company.


      “Firm Offer” means an offer which, when made, was capable of becoming
      legally binding upon acceptance.


      “Indenture” means the Indenture dated as of the date hereof, between
      Counterparty, as issuer and Citibank, N.A., as indenture trustee.


      “Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or any successor
      thereto.


      “Qualifying Novation” means a transfer of all rights and obligations
      of Morgan under all Transactions that are the subject of this
      Agreement (which may include a transfer of this Agreement) to an
      Eligible Replacement that is party to a Replacement Agreement with
      the Counterparty that meets the following conditions:


                  1.
                  if the Eligible Replacement does not meet the Ratings
                  Event I Required Ratings, such Eligible Replacement
                  delivers Eligible Collateral in accordance with the
                  Approved Credit Support Document at the time of such
                  Qualifying Novation; and


                  2.
                  if the Replacement Agreement is this Agreement, prior
                  notice is given to S&P; and


                  3.
                  if the Replacement Agreement is not this Agreement, the
                  Rating Agency Condition is met with respect to S&P.


      “Rating Agencies” means S&P and Moody’s.


      “Rating Agency Condition” means, with respect to any particular
      proposed act or omission to act hereunder that the party acting or
      failing to act must consult with each of the Rating Agencies (unless
      otherwise specified) then providing a rating of the Certificates and
      receive from each Rating Agency a prior written confirmation that the
      proposed action or inaction would not cause a downgrade or withdrawal
      of the then-current rating of the Certificates.


      “Ratings Event I” shall occur with respect to S&P or Moody’s if no
      Relevant Entity has the Ratings Event I Required Ratings as specified
      under paragraph (a), (b) or (c) thereof, as applicable.


      An entity will have “Ratings Event I Required Ratings” (a) with
      respect to Moody’s, (i) if such entity is the subject of Moody’s
      Short-term Rating, such rating is  “Prime-1” and its long-term,
      unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are rated A2 or above
      by Moody’s and (ii) if such entity is not the subject of a Moody’s
      Short-term Rating, its long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt
      obligations are rated “A1” or above by Moody’s and (b) with respect
      to S&P, applying only if an entity is a Financial Institution, (i) if
      the S&P short-term senior unsecured debt rating of such entity is A-1
      or above or (ii) if such entity is not the subject of an S&P
      short-term rating, if its long-term senior unsecured debt rating is
      A+ or above.


      “Ratings Event II” shall occur with respect to S&P or Moody’s if no
      Relevant Entity has the Ratings Event II Required Ratings under
      paragraph (a) or (b) thereof, as applicable.


      An entity will have “Ratings Event II Required Ratings” (a) with
      respect to Moody’s, (i) if such entity is the subject of a Moody’s
      Short-term Rating, if such rating is “Prime-2” or above and its
      long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are rated
      “A3” or above by Moody’s and (ii) if such entity is not the subject a
      Moody’s Short-term Rating, if its long-term, unsecured and
      unsubordinated debt obligations are rated “A3” by Moody’s or (b) with
      respect to S&P, (i) in respect of an entity that is a Financial
      Institution, if the S&P short-term senior unsecured debt rating of
      such entity is A-2 or above, or, in case such entity is not the
      subject of an S&P short-term rating, if its long-term senior
      unsecured S&P debt rating is BBB+ or above, or (ii) in respect of an
      entity that is not a Financial Institution, if the S&P short-term
      senior unsecured debt rating of such entity is A-1 or above, or, in
      case such entity is not the subject of an S&P short-term rating, if
      its long-term senior unsecured S&P debt rating is A+ or above.


      “Relevant Entity” means Morgan or any guarantor, or a counterparty
      that replaces Morgan or such counterparty’s guarantor under an
      Eligible Guarantee in respect of all Morgan's present and future
      obligations under this Agreement.


      “Replacement Agreement” means either (i) this Agreement, if this
      Agreement is transferred to an Eligible Replacement in the course of
      a Qualifying Novation or (ii) an agreement on substantially the same
      terms as this Agreement, including ratings triggers, credit support
      documentation and other provisions of this Agreement.


      “S&P” means by Standard & Poor’s Ratings Service or any successor
      thereto.


      (2)
      Amendment to Section 7 of the Agreement.


      The following provisions shall be added to the end of Section 7:


      A.
      Qualifying Novations


            I.  The Counterparty shall determine whether or not a transfer
            is a Qualifying Novation which shall be deemed upon receipt of
            evidence that the Rating Agency Condition has been met.


            II.  If an entity has made a Firm Offer (which remains capable
            of becoming legally binding upon acceptance) to be the
            transferee of a Qualifying Novation, the Counterparty shall at
            Morgan’s written request and cost execute any documentation
            Morgan deems necessary to effect such transfer and take such
            action as required pursuant to this Agreement.


            III.  No consent from the Counterparty is required for a
            transfer that is a Qualifying Novation and is required pursuant
            to Part 6(1) above.


      B.
      Other Transfers


      Transfers other than Qualifying Novations or transfers under Section
      7(a) of this Agreement shall be effective only if Rating Agency
      Condition has been met.


      (3)
      Termination Amounts


      Notwithstanding Section 6 of this Agreement, so long as Morgan is (A)
      the Affected Party in respect of a Termination Event or (B) the
      Defaulting Party in respect of any Event of Default, paragraphs (i)
      to (viii) below shall apply:


            (i)
            The Counterparty shall not designate as an Early Termination
            Date a date earlier than 10 Business Days after the notice
            designating such Early Termination Date becomes effective.


            (ii)
            The definition of “Market Quotation” shall be deleted in its
            entirety and replaced with the following:


            ““Market Quotation” means, with respect to one or more
            Terminated Transactions, a Firm Offer (which may be solicited
            by either the Counterparty or Morgan) which is (1) made by a
            Reference Market-maker that is an Eligible Replacement, (2) for
            an amount that would be paid to the Counterparty (expressed as
            a negative number) or by the Counterparty (expressed as a
            positive number) in consideration of an agreement between
            Counterparty and such Reference Market-maker to enter into a
            transaction (the “Replacement Transaction”) that would have the
            effect of preserving for such party the economic equivalent of
            any payment or delivery (whether the underlying obligation was
            absolute or contingent and assuming the satisfaction of each
            applicable condition precedent) by the parties under Section
            2(a)(i) in respect of such Terminated Transactions that would,
            but for the occurrence of the relevant Early Termination Date,
            have been required after that date, (3) made on the basis that
            Unpaid Amounts in respect of the Terminated Transactions are to
            be excluded but, without limitation, any payment or delivery
            that would, but for the relevant Early Termination Date, have
            been required (assuming satisfaction of each applicable
            condition precedent) after that Early Termination Date is to be
            included and (4) made in respect of a Replacement Transaction
            with terms substantially the same as those of this Agreement
            (save for the exclusion of provisions relating to Transactions
            that are not Terminated Transactions).”


            (iii)
            The definition of “Settlement Amount” shall be deleted in its
            entirety and replaced with the following:


            “Settlement Amount” means, with respect to any Early
            Termination Date, an amount (as determined by the Counterparty)
            equal to the Termination Currency Equivalent of the amount
            (whether positive or negative) of any Market Quotation for the
            relevant Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated
            Transactions that is accepted by the Counterparty so as to
            become legally binding, provided that:


                  (a)
                  If, on or before the day falling ten Local Business Days
                  after the day on which the Early Termination Date is
                  designated or such later day as Counterparty may specify
                  in writing to Morgan, (but in either case no later than
                  the Early Termination Date) (such day, the “Latest
                  Settlement Amount Determination Date”), no Market
                  Quotation for the relevant Terminated Transaction or
                  group of Terminated Transactions has been accepted by
                  Counterparty so as to become legally binding and one or
                  more Market Quotations have been made and remain capable
                  of becoming legally binding upon acceptance, the
                  Settlement Amount shall equal the Termination Currency
                  Equivalent of the amount (whether positive or negative)
                  of the lowest of such Market Quotation; or


                  (b)
                  If on the Latest Settlement Amount Determination Date no
                  Market Quotation for the relevant Terminated Transaction
                  or group of Terminated Transactions is accepted by the
                  Counterparty so as to become legally binding and no
                  Market Quotations have been made and remain capable of
                  becoming legally binding upon acceptance, the Settlement
                  Amount shall equal the Counterparty’s Loss (whether
                  positive or negative and without reference to any Unpaid
                  Amounts) for the relevant Terminated Transaction or group
                  of Terminated Transactions.”


            (iv)
            For the purpose of paragraph (4) of the definition of Market
            Quotation, the Counterparty shall determine whether a Firm
            Offer is made in respect of a Replacement Transaction with
            commercial terms substantially the same as those of this
            Agreement which shall be deemed upon receipt of evidence that
            the Rating Agency Condition has been met (save for the
            exclusion of provisions relating to Transactions that are not
            Terminated Transactions).


            (v)
            At any time on or before the Latest Settlement Amount
            Determination Day at which two or more Market Quotations remain
            capable of becoming legally binding upon acceptance, the
            Counterparty shall be entitled to accept only the lowest of
            such Market Quotations.


            (vi)
            If the Counterparty requests Morgan in writing to obtain Market
            Quotations, Morgan shall use its reasonable efforts to do so on
            or before the Latest Settlement Amount Determination Day.


            (vii)
            Morgan may also elect to obtain Market Quotations without a
            request from the Counterparty.


            (viii)
            If the Settlement Amount is a negative number, Section
            6(e)(i)(3) of this Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety
            and replaced with the following:


            “Second Method and Market Quotation. If Second Method and
            Market Quotation apply, (1) the Counterparty shall pay to
            Morgan an amount equal to the absolute value of the Settlement
            Amount in respect of the Terminated Transactions, (2) the
            Counterparty shall pay to Morgan the Termination Currency
            Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to Morgan and (3) Morgan
            shall pay to the Counterparty the Termination Currency
            Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to the Counterparty,
            provided that, (i) the amounts payable under (2) and (3) shall
            be subject to netting in accordance with Section 2(c) of this
            Agreement and (ii) notwithstanding any other provision of this
            Agreement, any amount payable by Morgan under (3) shall not be
            netted-off against any amount payable by the Counterparty under
            (1).”





------------------------------------------------------------------------



Please confirm your agreement to the terms of the foregoing Schedule by 
signing below.


JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.




By:_____/s/ Dmitry V. Yakimchuk_______
Name: Dmitry V. Yakimchuk
Title:    Vice President








------------------------------------------------------------------------

Please confirm your agreement to the terms of the foregoing Schedule by 
signing below.


BMW VEHICLE LEASE TRUST 2007-1


                                          By:
                                          Wilmington Trust Company,
                                          not in its individual capacity
                                          but solely as Owner Trustee


By:_____/s/ Erik E. Overcash_______
Name: Erik E. Overcash
                                       Title:   Financial Services Officer



------------------------------------------------------------------------


ANNEX A




PARAGRAPH 13 TO
CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX


to the Schedule to the
Master Agreement


dated as of November 2, 2007


between


JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
(“Morgan”)
and
BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1
(“Counterparty”)

Paragraph 13. Elections and Variables


(a)
Security Interest for “Obligations”.  The term “Obligations” as used in 
this Annex includes no additional obligations with respect to either party.


(b)
Credit Support Obligations.


            (i)
            Delivery Amount, Return Amount and Credit Support Amount.


                  (A)
                  “Delivery Amount” shall mean the greater of (i) the
                  amount by which the S&P Independent Amount exceeds the
                  Value as of that Valuation Date of all Posted Credit
                  Support held by the Secured Party using the S&P Valuation
                  Percentage and (ii) the amount by which the Moody's
                  Independent Amount exceeds the Value as of that Valuation
                  Date of all Posted Credit Support held by the Secured
                  Party using the Moody's Valuation Percentage.  The words
                  in paragraph 3(a) “upon a demand made by the Transferee
                  on or promptly following a Valuation Date” shall be
                  deleted and replaced by the words “on each Valuation
                  Date”.


                  (B)
                  “Return Amount” shall mean the lesser of (i) the amount
                  by which the Value as of that Valuation Date of all
                  Posted Credit Support held by the Secured Party using the
                  S&P Valuation Percentage exceeds the S&P Independent
                  Amount  and  (ii) the amount by which the Value as of
                  that Valuation Date of all Posted Credit Support held by
                  the Secured Party using the Moody’s Valuation Percentage
                  exceeds the Moody’s Independent Amount.


                  (C)
                  “Credit Support Amount” shall mean the Independent
                  Amount.


            (ii)
            Eligible Collateral.  With respect to Moody’s, the items
            specified on Appendix A attached hereto will qualify as
            “Eligible Collateral” with the lower of the specified Valuation
            Percentages to apply.  With respect to S&P, the items specified
            on Appendix D attached hereto will qualify as “Eligible
            Collateral.”


            Any asset that is not identified herein as being Eligible
            Collateral with respect to a Rating Agency will, with respect
            to that Rating Agency, have a Valuation Percentage of zero.


            (iii)
            Other Eligible Support.  There shall be no “Other Eligible
            Support” for purposes of this Annex, unless agreed in writing
            between the parties.


            (iv)
            Thresholds.


                  (A)
                  “Independent Amount” shall mean the greater of (i) the
                  S&P Independent Amount and (ii) the Moody’s Independent
                  Amount.


                  (B)
                  “Threshold” means with respect to Morgan: infinity, 
                  provided that if delivery of Eligible Collateral is
                  required following a Ratings Event I or a Ratings Event
                  II pursuant to the Schedule, the Threshold shall be zero.


                  “Threshold” means with respect to Counterparty: 
                  infinity.


                  (C)
                  “Minimum Transfer Amount”, with respect to a party on any
                  Valuation Date, means U.S. $100,000 (unless the notional
                  amount is less than U.S. $50,000,000, in which case  the
                  Minimum Transfer Amount shall be U.S.$50,000).


                  (D)
                  Rounding.  The Delivery Amount, rounded up, and with
                  respect to the Return Amount, rounded down, to the
                  nearest integral multiple of $1,000 respectively.


                  (E)
                  “Exposure” has the meaning specified in Paragraph 12,
                  except that after the word “Agreement” the words
                  “(assuming , for this purpose only, that Part 6(3) of the
                  Schedule is deleted)” shall be inserted and (2) on the
                  last line of the definition of Exposure, the words “with
                  terms substantially the same as those of this Agreement
                  after the words “Replacement Transaction.”


(c)
Valuation and Timing.


            (i)
            “Valuation Agent” means Morgan; provided, however, that if an
            Event of Default shall have occurred with respect to which
            Morgan is the Defaulting Party, Counterparty shall have the
            right to designate as Valuation Agent an independent party,
            reasonably acceptable to Morgan, the cost of which shall be
            borne by Morgan.  The Valuation Agent’s calculations shall be
            made in accordance with standard market practices using
            commonly accepted third party sources such as Bloomberg or
            Reuters.


            (ii)
            “Valuation Date” means weekly on the last Local Business Day of
            each week.


            (iii)
            “Valuation Time” means the close of business in the city of the
            Valuation Agent on the Valuation Date or date of calculation,
            as applicable.


            (iv)
            “Notification Time” means 12:00 p.m., New York time, on a Local
            Business Day.


(d)
Conditions Precedent.  Not applicable.


(e)
Substitution.


            (i)
            “Substitution Date” has the meaning specified in Paragraph
            4(d)(ii).


            (ii)
            Consent.  Inapplicable.


(f)
Dispute Resolution.


            (i)
            “Resolution Time” means 1:00 p.m., New York time, on the Local
            Business Day following the date on which the notice is given
            that gives rise to a dispute under Paragraph 5.


            (ii)
            Value.  For the purposes of Paragraphs 5(i)(C) and 5(ii), the
            Value of Posted Credit Support other than Cash will be
            calculated as follows:


                  (A)
                  with respect to any Eligible Collateral except Cash, the
                  sum of (I) (x) the mean of the high bid and low asked
                  prices quoted on such date by any principal market maker
                  for such Eligible Collateral chosen by the Disputing
                  Party, or (y) if no quotations are available from a
                  principal market maker for such date, the mean of such
                  high bid and low asked prices as of the first day prior
                  to such date on which such quotations were available,
                  plus (II) the accrued interest on such Eligible
                  Collateral (except to the extent Transferred to a party
                  pursuant to any applicable provision of this Agreement or
                  included in the applicable price referred to in (I) of
                  this clause (A)) as of such date; multiplied by the
                  applicable Valuation Percentage.


            (iii)
            Alternative.  The provisions of Paragraph 5 will apply.


(g)
Holding and Using Posted Collateral.


            (i)
            Eligibility to Hold Posted Collateral; Custodians. 
            Counterparty and its Custodian will be entitled to hold Posted
            Collateral pursuant to Paragraph 6(b); provided that the
            following conditions applicable to it are satisfied:


                  (1)
                  Counterparty is not a Defaulting Party; and


                  (2)
                  Posted Collateral may be held only in the following
                  jurisdictions:


                  New York State or such other state in the United States
                  in which the Counterparty is located; and


                  (3)
                  the account is segregated from all other accounts held by
                  the Counterparty and its Custodian.


                  (4)
                  Counterparty may appoint as Custodian (A) the entity then
                  serving as indenture trustee under the Indenture or (B)
                  any other entity if such entity (or, to the extent
                  applicable, the parent company or credit support
                  provider) shall have a long-term senior unsecured debt
                  rating by S&P of at least “A” or a short-term senior
                  unsecured debt rating of at least “A-1” by S&P.  If a
                  Custodian ceases to have the required ratings then a
                  replacement Custodian satisfying the ratings requirements
                  must be in place within 60 calendar days of the date on
                  which the original Custodian ceased to satisfy the
                  ratings requirements.


            Initially, the Custodian for Counterparty is: None


            (ii)
            Use of Posted Collateral.  The provisions of Paragraph 6(c)(i)
            will not apply to Counterparty but the provisions of Paragraph
            6(c)(ii) will apply to the Counterparty.


(h)
Distributions and Interest Amount.


            (i)
            Interest Rate.  “Interest Rate” will be the annualized rate of
            return actually achieved on the Posted Collateral in the form
            of Cash during the related posting period.


            (ii)
            Transfer of Interest Amount.  The Transfer of the Interest
            Amount will be made monthly on the second Local Business Day of
            each calendar month;  provided that the Counterparty shall not
            be obliged to so transfer any Interest Amount unless and until
            it has earned and received such interest.


            (iii)
            Alternative to Interest Amount.  The provisions of Paragraph
            6(d)(ii) will apply.


(i)
Additional Representation(s).  Not Applicable.


(j)
Other Eligible Support and Other Posted Support.


            (i)
            “Value” with respect to Other Eligible Support and Other Posted
            Support means: Not Applicable.


            (ii)
            “Transfer” with respect to Other Eligible Support and Other
            Posted Support means: Not Applicable


(k)
Demands and Notices.


All demands, specifications and notices under this Annex will be made 
pursuant to the Notices Section of this Agreement, unless otherwise 
specified here:


      Counterparty:


      BMW Vehicle Lease Trust 2007-1
      c/o Wilmington Trust Company, as the Owner Trustee
      Rodney Square North
      1100 North Market Street
      Wilmington, Delaware 19890-1600


With a copy to:


      BMW Financial Services NA, LLC
      300 Chestnut Ridge Road
      Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 07677
      Attention:  General Counsel


Morgan:


      JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
      Attention:  Legal Department-Derivatives Practice Group
      270 Park Avenue, 41st Floor
      New York, New York  10017-2070
      Telex No.: 232337; Answerback:  CBC UR


(l)
Addresses for Transfers.


Counterparty: as set forth in notices to Morgan from time to time


Morgan:


      JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
      Attention:  Legal Department-Derivatives Practice Group
      270 Park Avenue, 41st Floor
      New York, New York  10017-2070
      Telex No.: 232337; Answerback:  CBC UR


(m)
Morgan as Pledgor and Counterparty as Secured Party.


            (i)
            Modification to Paragraph 1: The following subparagraph (b) is
            substituted for subparagraph (b) of this Annex:


            (b)  Secured Party and Pledgor.  All references in this Annex
            to the “Secured Party” will be to Counterparty and all
            corresponding references to the “Pledgor” will be to Morgan.


            (ii)
            Modification to Paragraph 2:  The following Paragraph 2 is
            substituted for Paragraph 2 of this Annex:


            Paragraph 2.  Security Interest.  The Pledgor hereby pledges to
            the Secured Party, as security for its Obligations, and grants
            to the Secured Party a first priority continuing security
            interest in, lien on and right of Set-Off against all Posted
            Collateral Transferred to or received by the Secured Party
            hereunder.  Upon the Transfer by the Secured Party to the
            Pledgor of Posted Collateral, the security interest and lien
            granted hereunder on that Posted Collateral will be released
            immediately and, to the extent possible, without any further
            action by either party.


            (iii)
            Modification to Paragraph 9:  The following first clause of
            Paragraph 9 is substituted for the first clause of Paragraph 9
            of this Annex:


            Paragraph 9.  Representations.  The Pledgor represents to the
            Secured Party (which representations will be deemed to be
            repeated as of each date on which it Transfers Eligible
            Collateral) that:


            (iv)
            Modification to Paragraph 10:  Clauses “10(a)” and “10(b)” are
            amended by adding the following sentence to the end of that
            paragraph:


                  “Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Pledgor
                  shall pay all reasonable costs incurred by the Secured
                  Party in connection with any exchange pursuant to this
                  Credit Support Annex.”


            (v)
            Modifications to Paragraph 12:  The following definitions of
            “Pledgor” and “Secured Party” are substituted for the
            definitions of those terms contained in Paragraph 12 of this
            Annex:


            “Pledgor” means Morgan.


            “Secured Party” means Counterparty.


(n)
Independent Amounts


            (i)
            Addition to Paragraph 12: The “S&P Independent Amount” means,
            for any Valuation Date, the greater of (a) zero and (b) the
            product of (x) Exposure times (y) the Collateralization Factor 
            times (z) the applicable Overcollateralization Rate or weighted
            average Overcollateralization Rate if there are more than one
            item of Eligible Collateral to be Transferred.


            For purposes of the foregoing:


                  “Collateralization Factor” means (i)  if a Ratings Event
                  I with respect to S&P has occurred and is continuing, but
                  a Ratings Event II with respect to S&P has not occurred
                  (or is no longer continuing), 100% and (ii) if a Ratings
                  Event II with respect to S&P has occurred and has been
                  continuing for ten Business Days 125%; and


                  “Overcollateralization Rate” means, with respect to an
                  item of Eligible Collateral to be Transferred (i)  if a
                  Ratings Event I with respect to S&P has occurred and is
                  continuing, but a Ratings Event II with respect to S&P
                  has not occurred (or is no longer continuing), the Base
                  Overcollateralization Rate specified opposite the name of
                  that item of Eligible Collateral in Appendix D and (ii)
                  if a Ratings Event II with respect to S&P has occurred
                  and has been continuing for ten Business Days, the
                  product of the Base Overcollateralization Rate specified
                  opposite the name of that item of Eligible Collateral in
                  Appendix D times 125%.  If more than one item of Eligible
                  Collateral is to be transferred then the
                  Overcollateralization Rate will be determined on a
                  weighted average basis using the Overcollateralization
                  Rate applicable to each item of Eligible Collateral that
                  is to be Transferred.


            (ii)
            Addition to Paragraph 12: The “Moody’s Independent Amount”
            means,


                  (i) for so long as the no Ratings Event I has occurred
                  and is continuing, zero;


                  (ii) If a Ratings Event I with respect to Moody’s has
                  been continuing for at least 30 Business Days and either:


                        (a)
                        no Ratings Downgrade Event II with respect to
                        Moody’s has occurred and is continuing; or


                        (b)
                        a Ratings Downgrade Event II with respect to
                        Moody’s has been continuing for less than 30
                        Business Days, the Ratings Event I Collateral
                        Amount specified in Appendix B hereto; and


                  (iii) If neither (i) nor (ii) is applicable, the Ratings
                  Event II Collateral Amount specified in Appendix C
                  hereto.


(o)
Other Provisions


            (i)
            Modification to Paragraph 7: Clause “(iii)” of Paragraph 7
            shall be deleted in its entirety.


            (ii)
            Modification to Paragraph 10: Clauses “10(a)” and “10(b)” are
            amended by adding the following sentence to the end of that
            paragraph:


                  “Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Pledgor
                  shall pay all reasonable costs incurred by the Secured
                  Party in connection with any exchange pursuant to this
                  Credit Support Annex.”


            (iii)
            Modification to Paragraph 12:  Clause “(B)” of the definition
            of “Value” will be substituted to read in its entirety as
            follows:


                  “(B) a security, the bid price obtained by the Valuation
                  Agent from one of the Pricing Sources multiplied by the
                  applicable Valuation Percentage, if any;”


            (iv)
            Addition to Paragraph 12:  The following definition of “Pricing
            Sources” shall be added immediately after the definition of the
            term “Posted Credit Support” and immediately prior to the
            definition of the term “Recalculation Date” in Paragraph 12 of
            this Annex:


            “Pricing Sources” means the sources of financial information
            commonly known as Bloomberg, Bridge Information Services, Data
            Resources Inc., Interactive Data Services, International
            Securities Market Association, Merrill Lynch Securities Pricing
            Service, Muller Data Corporation, Reuters, Wood Gundy, Trepp
            Pricing, JJ Kenny, S&P and Telerate.


            (v)
            Morgan and Counterparty agree that the text of the body of this
            Annex is intended to be the exact printed form of ISDA Credit
            Support Annex (Bilateral Form-ISDA Agreements Subject to New
            York Law Only) as published and Copyrighted by the
            International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.


            (vi)
            “Notional Amount” means, with regard to an interest rate swap,
            the notional amount set forth in the confirmation thereof, and,
            with respect to a currency swap, including a cross-currency
            interest rate swap, the notional amount, as set forth in the
            confirmation, of that leg of the transaction that is
            denominated in the same currency as the relevant rated
            Certificates.


            (vii)
            “Transaction-Specific Hedge” means (A) any Transaction that is
            a cap, floor or swaption, or (B) any Swap Transaction in which
            (x) the Notional Amount of the Transaction is “balance
            guaranteed” or (y) the Notional Amount for any Calculation
            Period otherwise is not a specific dollar amount that is fixed
            at the inception of the Transaction.


[Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank]





------------------------------------------------------------------------


Accepted and Agreed:


JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N. A.






By:_____/s/ Dmitry V. Yakimchuk_______
Name: Dmitry V. Yakimchuk
Title:    Vice President



------------------------------------------------------------------------


Accepted and Agreed:


BMW VEHICLE LEASE TRUST 2007-1


     By:  Wilmington Trust Company,
     not in its individual capacity
     but solely as Owner Trustee


By:_____/s/ Erik E. Overcash_______
Name: Erik E. Overcash
Title:   Financial Services Officer





------------------------------------------------------------------------


Appendix A
Valuation Percentages
Applicable if the rated Certificates issued by the Counterparty are U.S.$ 
Denominated

 

MOODY’S RATINGS EVENT I
MOODY’S RATINGS EVENT II

 

                   

 

 

 

INSTRUMENT

 

 

 

U.S. Dollar Cash
100%
100%

 

EURO Cash
97%
93%

 

Sterling Cash
97%
94%

 

Fixed-Rate Negotiable Treasury Debt Issued by The U.S. Treasury Department 
with Remaining Maturity
<1 year
100%
100%

 

1 to 2 years
100%
99%

 

2 to 3 years
100%
98%

 

3 to 5 years
100%
97%

 

5 to 7 years
100%
95%

 

7 to 10 years
100%
94%

 

10 to 20 years
100%
89%

 

>20 years
100%
87%

 

Floating-Rate Negotiable Treasury Debt Issued by The U.S. Treasury 
Department
All Maturities
100%
99%

 

Fixed-Rate U.S. Agency Debentures with Remaining Maturity
<1 year
100%
99%

 

1 to 2 years
100%
98%

 

2 to 3 years
100%
97%

 

3 to 5 years
100%
96%

 

5 to 7 years
100%
94%

 

7 to 10 years
100%
93%

 

10 to 20 years
100%
88%

 

>20 years
100%
86%

 

Floating-Rate U.S. Agency Debentures –
All Maturities
100%
98%

 

Floating-Rate Euro-Zone Government Bonds Rated Aa3 or Above and AAA by S&P 
with Remaining Maturity
<1 year
97%
93%
                              
1 to 2 years
97%
92%

 

2 to 3 years
97%
91%

 

3 to 5 years
97%
89%

 

5 to 7 years
97%
87%

 

7 to 10 years
97%
86%

 

10 to 20 years
97%
82%

 

>20 years
97%
80%

 

Floating-Rate Euro-Zone Government Bonds Rated Aa3 or Above
All Maturities
97%
92%

 

Fixed-Rate United Kingdom Gilts with Remaining Maturity
<1 year
97%
93%

 

1 to 2 years
97%
92%

 

2 to 3 years
97%
91%

 

3 to 5 years
97%
90%

 

5 to 7 years
97%
89%

 

7 to 10 years
97%
88%

 

10 to 20 years
97%
84%

 

>20 years
97%
82%

 

Floating-Rate United Kingdom Gilts
All Maturities
97%
93%

 


For purposes of Appendix A:


      (a) “Agency Debentures” means negotiable debt obligations which are
      fully guaranteed as to both principal and interest by the Federal
      National Mortgage Association, the Government National Mortgage
      Association or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, but
      excluding (i) interest only and principal only securities and (ii)
      Collateralized Mortgage Obligations, Real Estate Mortgage Investment
      Conduits and similar derivative securities.




------------------------------------------------------------------------


Appendix B
Ratings Event I Collateral Amounts


The Ratings Event I Collateral Amount will be equal to the greater of (A) 
zero and (B) the sum of (x) the Exposure and (y) the aggregate of the 
Additional Ratings Event I Collateral Amounts for all Transactions.


“Additional Ratings Event I Collateral Amount” means, for each Transaction, 
the Notional Amount for such Transaction multiplied by the applicable 
percentage as specified below.



Potential Increase of Mid-Market Valuation of Swaps, Caps, Floors & 
Transaction Specific Hedges


Weighted Average
Interest Rate Hedges
Currency Hedges
Life of Hedge
in Years

 

 

1 or less
0.25%
2.20%
2  or more but less than 3
0.50%
2.40%
3 or more but less than 4
0.70%
2.60%
4 or more but less than 5
1.00%
2.80%
5 or more but less than 6
1.20%
2.90%
6 or more but less than 7
1.40%
3.10%
7 or more but less than 8
1.60%
3.30%
8 or more but less than 9
1.80%
3.40%
9 or more but less than 10
2.00%
3.60%
10 or more but less than 11
2.20%
3.80%
11 or more but less than  12
2.30%
3.90%
12 or more but less than 13
2.50%
4.00%
13 or more but less than 14
2.70%
4.10%
14 or more but less than 15
2.80%
4.30%
15 or more but less than 16
3.00%
4.40%
16 or more but less than 17
3.20%
4.50%
17 or more but less than 18
3.30%
4.60%
18 or more but less than 19
3.50%
4.80%
19 or more but less than 20
3.60%
4.905
20 or more but less than 21
3.70%
5.00%
21 or more but less than 22
3.90%
5.00%
22 or more but less than 23
4.00%
5.00%
23 or more but less than 24
4.00%
5.00%
24 or more but less than 25
4.00%
5.00%
25 or more but less than 26
4.00%
5.00%
26 or more but less than 27
4.00%
5.00%
27 or more but less than 28
4.00%
5.00%
28 or more but less than 29
4.00%
5.00%
29 or more but less than 30
4.00%
5.00%
30 or more
4.00%
5.00%




------------------------------------------------------------------------

Appendix C
Ratings Event II Collateral Amount


The Ratings Event II Collateral Amount will be equal to the greater of (A) 
zero, (B) the sum, for all Transaction, of the next payment owed by Morgan 
under each Transaction or (C) the sum of  (x) the Exposure and (y) the 
aggregate of the Additional Ratings Event II Collateral Amounts for all 
Transactions.


“Additional Ratings Event II Collateral Amount” means, for each 
Transaction, the Notional Amount for such Transaction multiplied by the 
applicable percentage as specified below.



            Swaps Only


Transaction Specific Hedges


Weighted Average
Interest Rate Swap
Currency Swap
Interest Rate Swap
Currency Swap
Life of Hedge
in Years

 

 

 

            

 

 

 

 

1 or less
0.60%
7.25%
0.75%
7.40%
2  or more but less than 3
1.20%
7.50%
1.50%
7.80%
3 or more but less than 4
1.70%
7.70%
2.20%
8.20%
4 or more but less than 5
2.30%
8.00%
2.90%
8.50%
5 or more but less than 6
2.80%
8.20%
3.60%
8.90%
6 or more but less than 7
3.30%
8.40%
4.20%
9.20%
7 or more but less than 8
3.80%
8.60%
4.80%
9.60%
8 or more but less than 9
4.30%
8.80%
5.40%
9.90%
9 or more but less than 10
4.80%
9.00%
6.00%
10.20%
10 or more but less than 11
5.30%
9.20%
6.60%
10.50%
11 or more but less than  12
5.60%
9.30%
7.00%
10.70%
12 or more but less than 13
6.00%
9.50%
7.50%
11.00%
13 or more but less than 14
6.40%
9.70%
8.00%
11.30%
14 or more but less than 15
6.80%
9.80%
8.50%
11.50%
15 or more but less than 16
7.20%
10.00%
9.00%
11.80%
16 or more but less than 17
7.60%
10.00%
9.50%
12.00%
17 or more but less than 18
7.90%
10.00%
9.90%
12.00%
18 or more but less than 19
8.30%
10.00%
10.40%
12.00%
19 or more but less than 20
8.60%
10.00%
10.80%
12.00%
20 or more but less than 21
9.00%
10.00%
11.00%
12.00%
21 or more but less than 22
9.00%
10.00%
11.00%
12.00%
22 or more but less than 23
9.00%
10.00%
11.00%
12.00%
23 or more but less than 24
9.00%
10.00%
11.00%
12.00%
24 or more but less than 25
9.00%
10.00%
11.00%
12.00%
25 or more but less than 26
9.00%
10.00%
11.00%
12.00%
26 or more but less than 27
9.00%
10.00%
11.00%
12.00%
27 or more but less than 28
9.00%
10.00%
11.00%
12.00%
28 or more but less than 29
9.00%
10.00%
11.00%
12.00%
29 or more but less than 30
9.00%
10.00%
11.00%
12.00%
30 or more
9.00%
10.00%
11.00%
12.00%




------------------------------------------------------------------------


Appendix D
S&P Overcollateralization Rate & Valuation Percentage



Category Description
Eligible Securities
WAL
Base Overcollateralization Rate
S&P Valuation Percentage
Cash
Cash
N/A
100%
100%
              

 

 

 

 

Category 1
U.S. treasuries (current coupon, constant maturity), 'AAA' U.S. agencies, 
'AAA' covered bonds (floating), 'AAA' sovereign bonds (floating), 'AAA', 
'AA' credit card ABS (floating), 'AAA', 'AA' auto ABS (floating), and 'AAA' 
U.S. student loan ABS (floating)
Less than five years
102%
100%
            

 

 

 

 

 

U.S. treasuries (current coupon, constant maturity), 'AAA' U.S. agencies, 
'AAA' covered bonds (floating), 'AAA' sovereign bonds (floating), 'AAA', 
'AA' credit card ABS (floating), 'AAA', 'AA' auto ABS (floating), and 'AAA' 
U.S. student loan ABS (floating)
Greater than or equal to five years and less than or equal to 10 years
108%
100%
            

 

 

 

 

Category 2
'AAA' covered bonds (fixed), 'AAA' sovereign bonds (fixed), 'A' credit card 
ABS (floating), 'A' auto ABS (floating), 'AAA' CMBS (floating), 'AAA' CDO 
(floating) 'AA', 'A' U.S. student loan ABS (floating), and 'AAA, 'AA' 
corporate bonds (fixed or floating)
Less than five years
105%
100%
         

 

 

 

 

 

'AAA' covered bonds (fixed), 'AAA' sovereign bonds (fixed), 'A' credit card 
ABS (floating), 'A' auto ABS (floating), 'AAA' CMBS (floating), 'AAA' CDO 
(floating), 'AA', 'A' U.S. student loan ABS (floating), and 'AAA', 'AA' 
U.S. and European corporate bonds (fixed or floating)
Greater than or equal to five years and less than or equal to 10 years
115%
100%
     

 

 

 

 

Category 3
'BBB' credit card ABS (floating), 'BBB' auto ABS (floating), AA', 'A' CDO 
(floating), 'BBB' U.S. student loan ABS (floating), and 'A' corporate bonds 
(fixed or floating)
Less than five years
125%
100%
              

 

 

 

 

 

'BBB' credit card ABS (floating), 'BBB' auto ABS (floating), 'AA', 'A' CDO 
(floating), 'BBB' U.S. student loan ABS (floating), and 'A' corporate bonds 
(fixed or floating)
Greater than or equal to five years and less than or equal to 10 years
140%
100%



