 EX-10.28 5 y38161a2exv10w28.htm EX-10.28: STOCKHOLDER DISTRIBUTION TRUST 
III AGREEMENT


 

Exhibit 10.28


CKX FXLR STOCKHOLDER DISTRIBUTION TRUST III AGREEMENT

by and between

CKX, INC.


and

RICHARD G. CUSHING,


as Trustee acting on behalf and for the benefit of certain future
CKX STOCKHOLDERS


Dated as of September 27, 2007

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	Page 	 
  	  	  	  	
   
  	  	  	 
ARTICLE I 	  	
    DEFINITIONS
  	  	1 	 
  	1.01 	  	  	
  Certain Terms Defined
  	  	1 	 
ARTICLE II 	  	
    CREATION OF THE TRUST
  	  	2 	 
  	2.01 	  	  	
  Contribution of Assets to be held in Trust
  	  	2 	 
  	2.02 	  	  	
  Declaration of Trust
  	  	2 	 
  	2.03 	  	  	
  Incidents of Ownership
  	  	2 	 
  	2.04 	  	  	
  Purpose and Powers of the Trust
  	  	2 	 
  	2.05 	  	  	
  Title to Trust Assets
  	  	3 	 
ARTICLE III 	  	
    THE TRUSTEE
  	  	3 	 
  	3.01 	  	  	
  Generally
  	  	3 	 
  	3.02 	  	  	
  Powers and Duties of the Trustee
  	  	3 	 
  	3.03 	  	  	
  Actions of the Trustee Binding on the Trust
  	  	5 	 
  	3.04 	  	  	
  Compensation of the Trustee
  	  	5 	 
  	3.05 	  	  	
  Resignation and Removal of Trustee
  	  	5 	 
  	3.06 	  	  	
  Effect of Resignation or Removal of the Trustee
  	  	5 	 
ARTICLE IV 	  	
    PAYMENT OF COSTS
  	  	6 	 
ARTICLE V 	  	
    STANDARD OF CONDUCT, INDEMNIFICATION AND EXCULPATION
  	  	6 	 
  	5.01 	  	  	
  Limitation on Liability of the Trustee and Others
  	  	6 	 
  	5.02 	  	  	
  Indemnification
  	  	6 	 
  	5.03 	  	  	
  Bond
  	  	7 	 
ARTICLE VI 	  	
    TRUST INTERESTS AND TRUST INTEREST HOLDERS
  	  	7 	 
  	6.01 	  	  	
  Trust Interests
  	  	7 	 
  	6.02 	  	  	
  Limitations on Transferability of Trust Interests
  	  	8 	 
  	6.03 	  	  	
  Distributions
  	  	8 	 
  	6.04 	  	  	
  No Suits by Trust Interest Holders
  	  	8 	 
  	6.05 	  	  	
  List of Holders
  	  	8 	 
ARTICLE VII 	  	
    TAX MATTERS
  	  	8 	 
  	7.01 	  	  	
  Income Tax Status
  	  	8 	 
  	7.02 	  	  	
  Tax Returns and Reports
  	  	8 	 

-i-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	Page 	 
  	  	  	  	
   
  	  	  	 
  	7.03 	  	  	
  Tax Identification Number; Withholding
  	  	8 	 
  	7.04 	  	  	
  Fiscal and Tax Year
  	  	8 	 
ARTICLE VIII 	  	
    TERM AND TERMINATION
  	  	9 	 
  	8.01 	  	  	
  Term
  	  	9 	 
  	8.02 	  	  	
  No Termination by CKX Stockholders
  	  	9 	 
  	8.03 	  	  	
  Continuance of Trust for Winding Up
  	  	9 	 
ARTICLE IX 	  	
    MISCELLANEOUS
  	  	9 	 
  	9.01 	  	  	
  Governing Law; Jurisdiction
  	  	9 	 
  	9.02 	  	  	
  Notices
  	  	9 	 
  	9.03 	  	  	
  Headings
  	  	9 	 
  	9.04 	  	  	
  Amendments and Waivers
  	  	9 	 
  	9.05 	  	  	
  Meanings of Other Terms
  	  	10 	 
  	9.06 	  	  	
  Counterparts
  	  	10 	 
  	9.07 	  	  	
  Parties in Interest
  	  	10 	 
  	9.08 	  	  	
  Entire Agreement
  	  	10 	 
  	9.09 	  	  	
  Construction
  	  	10 	 
  	9.10 	  	  	
  Severability
  	  	10 	 

-ii-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

Schedule I — Initial Trustee Fees

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


CKX FXLR STOCKHOLDER DISTRIBUTION TRUST III AGREEMENT

          This Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2007 (this “Agreement” 
or the “CKX FXLR Stockholder Distribution Trust III Agreement”), is made by 
and between CKX, Inc. (“CKX”) and Richard G. Cushing, as trustee (in such 
capacity, the “Trustee”) acting on behalf and for the benefit of the CKX 
Stockholders (as defined below), for the purpose of establishing the Trust 
(as defined below).


RECITALS

          WHEREAS, on June 18, 2007, CKX declared a dividend consisting of 
25% of the common shares in FX Luxury Real Estate, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation, which is now named FX Real Estate and Entertainment Inc. (“
FXREE”), payable to CKX stockholders of record on the record date to be 
determined by CKX (the “Record Date”) which shares were to be acquired by 
contribution of the outstanding common membership interests (the “FXLR 
Interests”) in FX Luxury Realty LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
(“FXLR LLC”) to FXREE prior to distribution in accordance with and pursuant 
to the Amended and Restated Operating Agreement (“LLC Agreement”) for FXLR 
LLC, the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement of FXLR LLC, dated June 1, 
2007 (“Purchase Agreement”), and Amendment No. 1 to the Membership Interest 
Purchase Agreement of FXLR LLC, dated June 18, 2007 (“Amendment No. 1”);

          WHEREAS, the Record Date shall be the date that is ten days 
following the declaration of effectiveness by the United States Securities 
and Exchange Commission of a registration statement relating to such 
distribution, which date shall be ratified by a committee of the board of 
directors of CKX established for such purpose, which committee shall also 
set the payment date at such time;

          WHEREAS, on June 18, 2007, CKX transferred 9.5% of the FXLR 
Interests to the CKX FXLR Stockholder Distribution Trust I (“Trust I”), 
dated June 18, 2007 for the trustee to hold pending distribution to the 
certain CKX Stockholders who are beneficiaries of the CKX FXLR Stockholder 
Distribution Trust I;

          WHEREAS, on June 18, 2007, CKX transferred 15.5% of the FXLR 
Interests to FXREE, a corporation in which CKX held 100% of the outstanding 
common shares, and transferred all of such outstanding common shares to the 
trustee of the CKX FXLR Stockholder Distribution Trust II (“Trust II”), 
dated June 18, 2007 for the trustee to hold all of such common shares 
pending distribution to the CKX Stockholders;

          WHEREAS, CKX held 25% of the FXLR Interests after the transfers 
to Trust I and Trust II described above;

          WHEREAS, on September 27, 2007, in accordance with and pursuant 
to the LLC Agreement, the Purchase Agreement and the Amendment No. 1, CKX, 
Flag Luxury Properties, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Flag”), 
and Trust I transferred all of their respective FXLR Interests to FXREE, 
after which FXREE owned all FXLR Interests (except for the Flag Priority 
Interest (as defined in the LLC Agreement) issued to Flag);

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          WHEREAS, on September 27, 2007, CKX and Flag purchased additional 
shares of common stock of FXREE, as a result of which the outstanding 
common shares in FXREE presently are owned 25.5% by CKX, 49.75% by Flag, 
and 24.75%, in the aggregate, by Trust I and Trust II together;

          WHEREAS, on September 27, 2007, CKX declared a dividend 
consisting of 23.5% of common shares in FXREE (such 23.5% of common shares 
in FXREE, the “FXREE Stock”), payable to CKX stockholders of record on the 
Record Date;

          WHEREAS, CKX desires to transfer all of the FXREE Stock to the 
Trustee of the Trust organized hereunder and hereby and for the Trustee to 
hold all of the FXREE Stock pending distribution to the CKX Stockholders, 
which distribution will occur when a record date for such distribution is 
established following the effective date of a registration statement with 
respect to the FXREE Stock; and

          WHEREAS, the Trustee by its execution of this Agreement (the “
Initial Trustee”) has agreed to perform the duties of Trustee hereunder 
subject to the terms, conditions, limitations, indemnities and other 
provisions hereof.

          NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and agreements 
contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto agree as follows:


ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS

     1.01 Certain Terms Defined.

          For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have 
the following meanings:

          “Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals hereto.

          “CKX Stockholders” shall mean all CKX stockholders as of the 
Record Date.

          “Costs” means all costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of 
the Trustee in connection with the administration of the Trust, including 
but not limited to the costs and expenses contemplated in Section 3.02(b) 
hereof and any taxes contemplated in Section 7.01 hereof.

          “Date of Effectiveness” means the date the Securities and 
Exchange Commission declares the Registration Statement to be effective. 
The Date of Effectiveness shall be conclusively determined by the delivery 
to the Trustee of a written legal opinion of counsel as contemplated by 
Section 5.05 hereof.

          “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended.

          “Exculpated Parties” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01 
hereof.

-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          “Holder List” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.05 hereof.

          “Indemnification Advances” has the meaning set forth in Section 
5.02(c) hereof.

          “Indemnification Costs” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.
02(a) hereof.

          “Indemnified Parties” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.
02(a) hereof.

          “Initial Trustee” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals 
hereto.

          “IRS” means the Internal Revenue Service of the United States of 
America.

          “Person” means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited 
liability company, association, trust, joint venture, unincorporated 
organization or other entity.

          “Professionals” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.
02(b)(vii) hereto.

          “Registration Statement” means a registration statement on Form 
S-1 or other applicable form filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission to register, under the Securities Act of 1933, the distribution 
of the FXREE Stock to the CKX Stockholders as contemplated by this 
Agreement.

          “Trust” means the trust organized hereunder and hereby, to be 
known as the “CKX FXLR Stockholder Distribution Trust III,” and any 
constructive trusts relating thereto, established pursuant to Section 
301.7701-4(a) of the Regulations of the United States Department of the 
Treasury and pursuant to this Agreement.

          “Tax Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
Any reference to a section of the Code shall include a reference to any 
amendatory or successor provision thereto.

          “Termination Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01 
hereof.


ARTICLE II
CREATION OF THE TRUST

     2.01 Contribution of Assets to be held in Trust. CKX hereby absolutely 
and irrevocably grants, assigns, transfers, conveys and delivers, without 
representation, warranty or recourse, and with no reversionary interest in 
CKX, to the Trustee, and its successors and assigns, to be held in trust 
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, all right, title and interest in 
and to the FXREE Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CKX does hereby 
expressly represent and warrant that the FXREE Stock is fully paid for and 
non-assessable. CKX will claim no legal, equitable or beneficial interest 
in the FXREE Stock, and will make no statement inconsistent with the 
complete transfer to the Trustee. There is no agreement or course of 
conduct that is inconsistent with this transfer. CKX will disclose on its 
financial statements the complete transfer of the FXREE Stock, and has 
received an opinion of counsel that the FXREE Stock would not be property 
of CKX’s estate in the case of a bankruptcy filing by or against CKX.

-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     2.02 Declaration of Trust. The Trustee hereby accepts such rights and 
properties assigned and transferred to it, and the trust imposed upon it 
pursuant to this Agreement and the laws of the State of New York, on behalf 
of and for the benefit of, and agrees to administer and manage the Trust 
and to hold the FXREE Stock in trust for the sole benefit of, the CKX 
Stockholders in their capacity as such in each case pursuant to, but only 
pursuant to, the terms, conditions, limitations, indemnities and other 
provisions hereof.

     2.03 Incidents of Ownership. The CKX Stockholders shall be the sole 
beneficiaries of the Trust, and the Trustee shall retain only such 
incidents of ownership as are necessary to undertake the actions and 
transactions authorized herein on behalf of the CKX Stockholders.

     2.04 Purpose and Powers of the Trust.

          (a) Purpose. The purpose of the Trust is to hold the FXREE Stock, 
pending the approval and effectiveness of a registration statement pursuant 
to the Exchange Act, enabling the distribution of the FXREE Stock to the 
CKX Stockholders, and to distribute the FXREE Stock to the CKX Stockholders 
as soon as is practicable thereafter.

          (b) Powers. Subject to the limitations expressly set forth in 
this Agreement, the Trust shall have all powers necessary or appropriate to 
carry out its purposes, including those set forth in Section 3.02 hereof.

          (c) Limitations on Powers.

     (i) The Trust shall not conduct, continue or engage in any trade or 
business, except to the extent the Trustee would be deemed to engage in any 
such trade or business in performing the duties expressly required under 
the terms of this Agreement.

     (ii) The Trustee shall have no authority to do any action other than 
as expressly set forth herein.

     2.05 Title to Trust Assets. Title to the FXREE Stock shall be held in 
the name of the Trustee. The sole interest of the CKX Stockholders in the 
Trust and the FXREE Stock shall be the rights and benefits given to such 
Persons under this Agreement.


ARTICLE III
THE TRUSTEE

     3.01 Generally.

          (a) The Trustee, by its execution of this Agreement, is deemed to 
have accepted and undertaken to discharge the duties of Trustee created by 
this Agreement in each case pursuant to, but only pursuant to, the terms, 
conditions, limitations, indemnities, and other provisions hereof.

          (b) The Trustee shall maintain the principal office where the 
records relating to the Trust are maintained in the County of New York, 
State of New York. The Trustee shall

-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

maintain books and records in relation to the Trust in such detail and for 
such period of time as may be necessary to enable it to make a full and 
proper accounting in respect thereof.

          (c) If the Trustee shall ever change its name or reorganize, 
reincorporate or merge with or into or consolidate with any other entity, 
the Trust shall not be terminated or dissolved and shall instead continue, 
and such Trustee shall be deemed to be a continuing entity and shall 
continue to act as the Trustee hereunder with the same liabilities, duties, 
powers, rights, titles, discretions and privileges as are herein specified 
for the Trustee, unless otherwise restricted by operation of law or 
conflict of interest.

     3.02 Powers and Duties of the Trustee.

          (a) General. Subject to Article IV hereof, the Trustee shall 
take, and shall have full power and authority to and shall take any and all 
actions necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the Trust as set 
forth in this Agreement and to carry out the obligations of the Trustee as 
expressly set forth in this Agreement, including:

     (i) voting the FXREE Stock in a manner necessary to constitute a 
quorum at any meeting of the stockholders of FXREE; provided that, to the 
extent permitted under applicable law and the certificate of incorporation 
and by-laws of FXREE, the Trustee shall vote such shares in proportion to 
the vote of the other stockholders of FXREE;

     (ii) distributing the FXREE Stock to the CKX Stockholders on or 
promptly following the Record Date, subject to receipt of the legal opinion 
of FXREE as contemplated in the definition hereof of the term Date of 
Effectiveness;

     (iii) in the event no registration statement for the FXREE Stock 
becomes effective by January 31, 2010, transferring the FXREE Stock to the 
Comptroller of State of New York; and

     (iv) to the extent required, filing an Internal Revenue Service Form 
1041 in accordance with the Tax Code and the regulations thereunder.

          (b) Other Powers and Duties. Without limiting the foregoing, the 
Trustee is expressly authorized to and shall:

     (i) pay all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the 
administration of the Trust, including but not limited to the fees and 
expenses of Professionals (as defined below), (ii) taxes, bank charges, 
filing and registration fees, postage, telephone, facsimile, copying and 
messenger costs and secretarial and administrative costs attendant to the 
administration and maintenance of the Trust and the responsibilities of the 
Trustee hereunder, (iii) the fees of the Trustee, and (iv) any 
Indemnification Advances;

     (ii) execute any documents and take any other actions related to, or 
in connection with, the acceptance of the transfer of the FXREE Stock until

-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

termination of the Trust in accordance with this Agreement, and the 
exercise of the Trustee’s powers granted herein;

     (iii) hold legal title to the FXREE Stock, and any and all rights in 
or arising from the FXREE Stock, on behalf of the Trust and for the benefit 
of the CKX Stockholders;

     (iv) protect and enforce the rights to the FXREE Stock vested in the 
Trustee and the Trust by this Agreement by any method deemed appropriate, 
including by judicial proceedings or pursuant to any applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency, moratorium or similar law and general principles of equity;

     (v) make all necessary filings in accordance with any applicable law, 
statute or regulation, including, if necessary, any applicable securities 
laws, and, in consultation with counsel, seek any advice or determination 
that may be necessary or appropriate under such laws, provided that the 
Trustee shall not be obligated to prepare the registration statement but 
shall only be required to cooperate to the extent necessary and to the 
extent notified by counsel to FXREE;

     (vi) pay all ordinary course expenses and make all other payments 
relating to the Trust; and

     (vii) retain such law firms, accounting firms, experts, advisors, 
consultants, investigators, appraisers, auctioneers or other professionals 
as it may deem necessary (collectively, the “Professionals”), in its sole 
discretion on reasonable terms and conditions of employment or retention, 
to aid in the performance of its responsibilities pursuant to the terms of 
this Agreement, including the liquidation and distribution of FXREE Stock, 
provided, however, that in no event shall the Trustee hire any one or more 
employees to the extent any such hiring would result in the Trust engaging 
in or conducting, or being deemed to engage in or conduct, a trade or 
business contrary to Section 2.04(c)(i) hereof.

          (c) No Obligation to Advance Funds. The Trustee shall have no 
obligation to advance its individual funds for any purpose, and shall have 
no obligation to distribute to the CKX Stockholders or any third party any 
property held or to be held by the Trustee or amounts paid to or to be paid 
to the Trustee until such property is received or amounts are collected (as 
applicable) by the Trustee.

          (d) No Duties Except as Specified in Agreement. The Trustee shall 
not have any duty or obligation to manage, control, use, sell, dispose of 
or otherwise deal with the FX Luxury stock or any other assets obtained by 
the Trust except as expressly provided by the terms of this Agreement.

     3.03 Actions of the Trustee Binding on the Trust. Any and all actions 
taken by the Trustee in accordance with this Agreement shall be binding 
upon the Trust and the CKX Stockholders.

-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     3.04 Compensation of the Trustee.

          The compensation of the Initial Trustee shall be as set forth on 
Schedule I hereto.

     3.05 Resignation and Removal of Trustee.

          (a) The Trustee may resign at any point in time, such resignation 
to be effective upon the appointment of a successor Trustee by the Trustee.

          (b) The Trustee may not be removed except for its gross 
negligence or willful misconduct.

     3.06 Effect of Resignation or Removal of the Trustee.

          (a) The resignation, removal, incompetence, bankruptcy or 
insolvency of the Trustee shall not operate to terminate the Trust created 
by this Agreement or to revoke any existing agency created pursuant to the 
terms of this Agreement or invalidate any action theretofore taken by the 
Trustee.

          (b) If a successor Trustee is not appointed, the Trustee shall 
petition a court with jurisdiction to appoint a successor Trustee, and such 
court shall appoint such successor and make any amendments to this 
Agreement as may be required in connection with the appointment of such 
successor Trustee.

          (c) Any successor Trustee appointed hereunder shall execute an 
instrument accepting its appointment. Thereupon, such successor shall, 
without any further act, become vested with all the obligations, duties, 
powers, rights, title, discretion and privileges of its predecessor in the 
Trust with like effect as if originally named Trustee and enforce the 
rights of the Trust as the holder of the FXREE Stock for the benefit of the 
CKX Stockholders.

          (d) The departing Trustee shall duly assign, transfer and deliver 
to the successor Trustee the FXREE Stock and books and records relating to 
the Trust held or controlled by such departing Trustee hereunder and shall, 
as reasonably requested by such successor, execute and deliver an 
instrument or instruments conveying and transferring to such successor upon 
the trust herein expressed all the obligations, duties, powers, rights, 
title, discretion and privileges of such departing Trustee.

     3.07 Limited Representations or Warranties.

          (a) The trustee makes no representation or warranty, express or 
implied, as to (i) the FXREE Stock including their value, or their due 
authorization, valid issuance full payment or non-assessability, (ii) the 
validity of the dividend declared by CKX with respect thereto or the 
legality thereof under the Delaware General Corporation Law, (ii) the 
Trustee’s good title to the FXREE Stock, except that on the date that the 
FXREE Stock were delivered to the Trustee the Trustee shall have received 
whatever title was conveyed to it by CKX and that the FXREE Stock shall be 
free of liens attributable to the Trustee it in its individual capacity 
except as may be permitted hereunder, or (iv) the validity or 
enforceability of the Operating Agreement applicable to FXLR LLC.

-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (b) The Trustee makes no representation or warranty as to the 
validity, legality or enforceability of this Agreement or any other 
document or instrument referred to herein or as to the correctness of any 
statement contained in any thereof, except to the extent that any such 
statement is expressly made herein or therein as a representation by the 
Trustee in its individual capacity or as Trustee and except that the 
Trustee, in its individual capacity, hereby represents and warrants that 
this Agreement has been executed and delivered by the Trustee and the 
Trustee, in its individual capacity, has the power and authority to 
execute, deliver and perform this Agreement.


ARTICLE IV
PAYMENT OF COSTS

     4.01 Payment of Costs. The initial Trustee shall be responsible for 
the payment of Costs and other expenses incurred by the Trust, including 
costs and expenses incurred after resignation or renewal of the initial 
Trustee. The Trustee shall not be entitled to any reimbursement by the 
Trust for any Costs or expenses pursuant to Section 4.01.


ARTICLE V
STANDARD OF CONDUCT, INDEMNIFICATION AND EXCULPATION

     5.01 Limitation on Liability of the Trustee and Others. Neither the 
Trustee nor any successor Trustee (collectively, the “Exculpated Parties”) 
shall be liable for the act, default or misconduct of any other party or 
for the Exculpated Party’s own acts, defaults or misconduct except for such 
Exculpated Party’s own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Trustee 
may, in connection with the performance of its duties, and in its sole and 
absolute discretion, consult with the Professionals, and shall not be 
liable for anything done or omitted or suffered to be done in accordance 
with such advice or opinions. If the Trustee determines not to consult with 
any of the Professionals, such determination shall not be deemed to impose 
any liability on the Trustee.

     5.02 Indemnification.

          (a) The Trust shall indemnify and hold harmless the Trustee and 
its agents, employees, officers, directors, Professionals and principals in 
their capacity as such (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) from and 
against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses 
(including, without limitation, amounts paid in judgment, penalty or 
otherwise, fees and expenses of counsel and other professionals (other than 
any costs of internal personnel), with respect to claims on whatsoever 
theory (whether by way of third- or subsequent party complaint, 
cross-claim, separate action or otherwise) by any Person to recover in 
whole or in part any liability, direct or indirect, whether by way of 
judgment, penalty or otherwise, of any Person in connection with, arising 
out of or which is in any way related to the distribution of the FXREE 
Stock or the matters set forth in this Agreement except, with respect to 
any Indemnified Party, for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct 
(the foregoing losses, claims, damages, liabilities and expenses, 
collectively, “Indemnification Costs”).

-8-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          (b) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Party of notice of 
the commencement of any action referred to in Section 5.02(a) of this 
Agreement, such Indemnified Party shall give written notice to the Trustee 
thereof, but the omission so to notify the Trustee will not relieve the 
Trust from any liability that it may have to any Indemnified Party, except 
to the extent the Trust is actually prejudiced thereby. The Trust shall 
have no liability for any cost or expense incurred by such Indemnified 
Party prior to the notification to the Trustee of such action. In case any 
such action is brought against an Indemnified Party, and it notifies the 
Trustee of the commencement thereof, the Trustee on behalf of the Trust 
will be entitled to participate in, and to the extent that it may wish, to 
assume, the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the 
Indemnified Party, and after notice from the Trustee to such Indemnified 
Party, the Trust shall not, except as hereinafter provided, be responsible 
for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified 
Party in connection with the defense thereof. In the event the Trustee 
assumes the defense of the action, the Indemnified Party may retain 
separate counsel at its sole cost and expense (except that the Trustee 
shall be responsible for the fees and expenses of such separate co-counsel 
to the extent the Indemnified Party is advised, in writing by its counsel, 
that the counsel the Trustee has selected has a conflict of interest). Such 
assumption of the defense shall not prejudice the right of the Trust to 
claim at a later date that such third party action is not a proper matter 
for indemnification pursuant to this Section 5.02. The Trust shall not be 
liable for any settlement of any such action or proceeding effected without 
its written consent, but if settled with its written consent, or if there 
be a final judgment for the plaintiff in any such action or proceeding, the 
Trust agrees to indemnify and hold harmless such Indemnified Party from and 
against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment.

          (c) To the extent the Trustee on behalf of the Trust has not 
assumed the defense of any action referred to in Section 5.02(a), the 
Indemnified Parties shall be entitled to obtain advances (“Indemnification 
Advances”) from the Trust to cover their expenses of defending themselves 
in any action referred to in Section 5.02(a), provided, however, that the 
Indemnified Parties receiving such advances shall repay the amounts so 
advanced to the Trust within 5 days after the entry of a final order of any 
court of competent jurisdiction finding that such Indemnified Parties were 
not entitled to any indemnity under the provisions of this Section 5.02.

     5.03 Bond. The Trustee shall not be obligated to post a bond 
hereunder.

     5.04 Survival of Indemnities. The indemnities contained in this 
Section 8.01 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

     5.05 Reliance; Agent; Advice of Counsel. The Trustee shall incur no 
liability in acting upon any signature, instrument, notice, resolution, 
request, consent, order, certificate, report, opinion, bond or other 
document or paper reasonably believed by it to be genuine and reasonably 
believed by it to be signed by the proper party or parties. Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Trustee may rely, and shall 
be entitled to require as a condition of its distribution of the FXREE 
Stock as contemplated hereby, on an opinion of counsel to FXREE to the 
effect that a registration statement permitting the distribution of the 
FXREE Stock as contemplated hereby is effective, that the distribution may 
be made as contemplated hereby without violation

-9-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

of the Securities Act of 1933 and that the necessary qualifications for 
state and other securities and blue sky laws have been received.

     5.06 Reliance on certificate of FXREE. As to any fact or matter the 
manner of ascertainment of which is not specifically described herein, the 
Trustee may, absent actual knowledge to the contrary, for all purposes 
hereof rely on a certificate, signed by any officer of FXREE, as to such 
fact or matter, and such certificate shall constitute full protection to 
the Trustee for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith 
in reliance thereon.

     5.07 Use of Agents by Trustee. In the administration of the trusts 
hereunder, the Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereof and 
perform its powers and duties hereunder directly or through agents or 
attorneys and, at the expense of the Trust, consult with independent 
counsel, accountants and other skilled persons to be selected and employed 
by it, and the Trustee shall not be liable for anything done, suffered or 
omitted in good faith by it in accordance with the written advice or 
opinion of any such counsel, accountants or other skilled persons appointed 
by it with due care hereunder.


ARTICLE VI
TRUST INTERESTS AND
TRUST INTEREST HOLDERS

     6.01 Trust Interests.

          (a) The interests of the CKX Stockholders as beneficiaries of the 
Trust (the “Trust Interests”) have been created pursuant to this Agreement.

          (b) The Trust Interests shall not be represented by any 
certificates and shall inure to the benefit of the CKX Stockholders and 
their successors and assigns.

          (c) The CKX Stockholders shall not have any right to participate 
in the management of the Trust.

          (d) Under no circumstances shall the CKX Stockholders be entitled 
to any shares of FXREE Stock prior to the declaration of effectiveness of a 
registration statement for such shares.

     6.02 Limitations on Transferability of Trust Interests. The Trust 
Interests are not transferable and may not be transferred or assigned.

     6.03 Distributions. The Trustee shall distribute the FXREE Stock (or 
any assets received by the Trust in exchange therefore) to the CKX 
Stockholders pro rata based on the number of CKX shares held by each of the 
CKX Stockholders on the date specified by CKX when establishing the Record 
Date, provided, however, that if the Date of Effectiveness has not occurred 
prior to January 31, 2010, the FXREE Stock shall be transferred to the 
Comptroller of the State of New York. Under no circumstances shall the 
Trustee be obligated to distribute any fractional shares of the FXREE 
Stock. In the event that the Trustee is unable to locate any CKX 
Stockholder to whom any distribution of FXREE Stock is due, after customary 
efforts by the

-10-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

transfer agent of FXREE, such shares shall be transferred to the 
Comptroller of the State of New York as unclaimed property.

     6.04 No Suits by Trust Interest Holders. No CKX Stockholder shall have 
any right by virtue of any provision of this Agreement to institute or 
participate in any action or proceeding at law or in equity against any 
party other than the Trustee in order to enforce the provisions of this 
Agreement.

     6.05 List of Holders. The Trustee shall obtain a list of the names and 
addresses of the CKX Stockholders and the member of shares held by each 
(the “Holder List”) from CKX or its transfer agent upon the establishment 
of the Record Date. The Trustee may, until otherwise advised in writing by 
any CKX Stockholder, rely upon the Holder List.


ARTICLE VII
TAX MATTERS

     7.01 Tax Returns and Reports. The Trustee shall cause to be prepared 
and filed, at the cost and expense of the Trust, an annual information tax 
return (Form 1041) with the Internal Revenue Service in accordance with the 
Tax Code and the regulations thereunder. The Trustee shall be responsible 
for filing any applicable state and local tax returns for the Trust and 
shall pay any taxes shown as due thereon.

     7.02 Tax Identification Number; Withholding. The Trustee may obtain 
from CKX the tax identification number of any CKX Stockholder and the 
Trustee may condition any distribution to any CKX Stockholder or other 
distributee upon receipt of such identification number or withhold a 
portion of such distribution to the extent authorized or required by the 
Tax Code and Regulations then in effect.

     7.03 Fiscal and Tax Year. The fiscal year and taxable year of the 
Trust shall be the calendar year.


ARTICLE VIII
TERM AND TERMINATION

     8.01 Term. The existence of the Trust shall terminate upon the 
earliest of (i) the distribution of all of the FXREE Stock (or any assets 
received in exchange therefore) to the CKX Stockholders in accordance with 
the terms hereof, (ii) the transfer of all of the FXREE Stock (or any 
assets received in exchange therefore) to the Comptroller of the State of 
New York in accordance with the terms hereof and (iii) July 1, 2010 (the “
Termination Date”).

     8.02 No Termination by CKX Stockholders. The Trust may not be 
terminated by the CKX Stockholders.

     8.03 Continuance of Trust for Winding Up. After the termination of the 
Trust as provided in Section 8.01 of this Agreement, and solely for the 
purpose of liquidating and winding up the affairs of the Trust, the Trustee 
shall continue to act as Trustee until its duties hereunder have been fully 
performed.

-11-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 


ARTICLE IX
MISCELLANEOUS

     9.01 Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by 
and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of New 
York applicable to agreements executed and to be fully performed in the 
State of New York, without giving effect to any contrary result otherwise 
required under applicable choice or conflict of law rules. Each of the 
parties hereto hereby irrevocably consents and submits to the jurisdiction 
of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York 
and the courts of the State of New York located in New York County in 
connection with any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, waives any objection to 
venue in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New 
York and the courts of the State of New York, New York County, and agrees 
that service of any summons, complaint, notice or other process relating to 
such action or proceeding may be effected in the manner provided by Section 
9.02 hereof. In any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement, the parties irrevocably waive trial by jury.

     9.02 Notices. Any notice or other communication required or permitted 
to be made under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to 
have been sufficiently given, for all purposes, (i) at the time delivered 
personally by hand, (ii) when receipt is confirmed if delivered by telex, 
facsimile or other telegraphic means or (iii) five (5) business days after 
being deposited in the mail (postage prepaid), if sent by registered United 
States mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid:

  	(a) 	  	if to the Trustee, to:
 
  	  	  	Richard G. Cushing, Esq.
c/o Troutman Sanders LLP
The Chrysler Building
405 Lexington Avenue
New York, New York 10174
Facsimile No.: (212) 704-6288

with a copy to

Troutman Sanders LLP
The Chrysler Building
405 Lexington Avenue
New York, New York 10174
Facsimile No.: (212) 704-6288
Attn: Timothy I. Kahler, Esq.
 
  	(b) 	  	if to any CKX Stockholder, to the last known business or 
residential address of such CKX Stockholder, as the case may be, reflected 
in the Holder List.

-12-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     9.03 Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are solely for 
convenience of reference and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation 
of this Agreement or of any term or provision hereof.

     9.04 Amendments and Waivers.

          (a) Except as provided below, the Trustee may not amend, modify 
and supplement this Agreement in any manner. The failure of any party 
hereto to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement shall not be 
construed to be a waiver of such provision, nor in any way to affect the 
validity of this Agreement or any part hereof or the right of any party 
thereafter to enforce each and every such provision. No waiver of any 
breach of this Agreement shall be held to constitute a waiver of any other 
or subsequent breach.

          (b) If, at any time during the term of this Agreement, the Trust 
is, in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Trustee, reasonably likely 
to become subject to the reporting or registration requirements of the 
Exchange Act, the Trustee may amend this Agreement to the extent necessary 
to ensure that the Trust does not become subject to the reporting or 
registration requirements of the Exchange Act.

     9.05 Meanings of Other Terms. Except where the context otherwise 
requires, words importing the masculine gender include the feminine and the 
neuter, if appropriate, and words importing the singular number include the 
plural number and vice versa.

     9.06 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but such 
counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.

     9.07 Parties in Interest. Except as expressly provided herein with 
respect to the Exculpated Parties and the Indemnified Parties, this 
Agreement shall not confer any rights or remedies upon any person or entity 
other than the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and 
assigns.

     9.08 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement 
among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, 
supersedes and is in full substitution for any and all prior agreements and 
understandings among them relating to such subject matter, and no party 
shall be liable or bound to the other party hereto in any manner with 
respect to such subject matter by any warranties, representations, 
indemnities, covenants, or agreements except as specifically set forth 
herein. Any Exhibits or Schedules to this Agreement are hereby incorporated 
and made a part hereof and are an integral part of this Agreement.

     9.09 Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed 
to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, 
and no rule of strict construction will be applied against any party. Any 
references to any federal, state, local or foreign statute or law will also 
refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the 
context requires otherwise. Unless the context otherwise requires: (a) a 
term has the meaning assigned to it by this Agreement; (b) including means 
“including but not limited to”; (c) “or” is disjunctive but not exclusive; 
(d) words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the

-13-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

singular; (e) provisions apply to successive events and transactions; and 
(f) “$” means the currency of the United States of America.

     9.10 Interpretation by the Trustee. The Trustee may interpret and 
construe any of the provisions of this Agreement, insofar as the same may 
appear ambiguous or inconsistent with any other provisions hereof, and any 
such construction by the Trustee in good faith shall be binding upon the 
parties hereto and the CKX Stockholders.

     9.11 Severability. In the event that any one or more of the provisions 
contained in this Agreement or in any other instrument referred to herein, 
shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in 
any respect, then to the maximum extent permitted by law, such invalidity, 
illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this 
Agreement or any other such instrument. Furthermore, in lieu of any such 
invalid or unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that 
there shall be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in 
terms to such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be 
valid and enforceable.

-14-

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this 
Agreement or caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective 
officers or authorized representatives, effective as of the date first 
above written.
  	  	  	  	 
  	CKX, INC.
  	 
  	By:   	/s/ Thomas P. Benson   	 
  	  	Name:   	Thomas P. Benson  	 
  	  	Title:   	Chief Financial Officer  	 
 
  	TRUSTEE ACTING ON BEHALF AND FOR
THE BENEFIT OF THE CKX
SHAREHOLDERS

RICHARD G. CUSHING
  	 
  	/s/ Richard G. Cushing   	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
 

-15-