 EX-10.1 2 v093336_ex10-1.htm
DEFERRED COMPENSATION AGREEMENT
FOR
GEORGE J. SMITH
 

FIRST FEDERAL SAVINGS BANK
EVANSVILLE, IN

OCTOBER 1, 2005

 
Financial Institution Consulting Corporation
700 Colonial Road, Suite 102
Memphis, Tennessee 38117
WATS: 1-800-873-0089
FAX: (901) 684-7414
(901) 684-7400
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

DEFERRED COMPENSATION AGREEMENT
FOR GEORGE J. SMITH
 
This Deferred Compensation Agreement (the "Agreement"), effective as of 
October1, 2005, formalizes the understanding by and between First Federal 
Savings Bank (the "Bank"), a federal stock savings bank having its 
principal place of business in Indiana, and George J. Smith (hereinafter 
referred to as "Executive"). All prior non-qualified deferred compensation 
agreements, including any and all Joinder Agreements, with respect to 
Executive and First Federal Savings Bank, are hereby superceded and 
replaced by this Agreement

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, the Executive serves the Bank as an officer; and

WHEREAS, the Bank recognizes the valuable services heretofore performed by 
the Executive and wishes to encourage his continued service; and

WHEREAS, the Executive wishes to be assured that he will be entitled to a 
certain amount of additional compensation for some definite period of time 
from and after retirement from active service with the Bank or other 
termination of service and wishes to provide his beneficiary with benefits 
from and after death; and

WHEREAS, the Bank and the Executive wish to provide the terms and 
conditions upon which the Bank shall pay such additional compensation to 
the Executive after retirement or other termination of service and/or death 
benefits to his beneficiary after death; and

WHEREAS, the Bank has adopted this Deferred Compensation Agreement which 
controls all issues relating to benefits as described herein and;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual promises 
herein contained, the Bank and the Executive agree as follows:

2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
SECTION I
DEFINITIONS

When used herein, the following words and phrases shall have the meanings 
below unless the context clearly indicates otherwise:

1.1
"Accrued Benefit Account" shall be represented by the bookkeeping entries 
required to record the Executive's (i) Phantom Contributions plus (ii) 
accrued interest, equal to the Interest Factor, earned to-date on such 
amounts. However, neither the existence of such bookkeeping entries nor the 
Accrued Benefit Account itself shall be deemed to create either a trust of 
any kind, or a fiduciary relationship between the Bank and the Executive or 
any Beneficiary.

1.2
"Act" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
from time to time.

1.3
"Administrator" means the Bank.

1.4
"Bank" means The First Federal Savings Bank and any successor thereto.

1.5
"Beneficiary" means the person or persons (and their heirs) designated as 
Beneficiary in Exhibit B of this Agreement to whom the deceased Executive's 
benefits are payable. If no Beneficiary is so designated, then the 
Executive's Spouse, if living, will be deemed the Beneficiary. If the 
Executive's Spouse is not living, then the Children of the Executive will 
be deemed the Beneficiaries and will take on a per stirpes basis. If there 
are no Children, then the Estate of the Executive will be deemed the 
Beneficiary.

1.6 	
"Benefit Age" means the Executive’s sixty-fifth (65th) birthday.

1.7
"Benefit Eligibility Date" means the date on which the Executive is 
entitled to receive any benefit(s) pursuant to Section(s) III or V of this 
Agreement. It shall be the first day of the month following the attainment 
of the Executives’ Benefit Age.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.8
"Board of Directors" means the board of Directors of the Bank.

1.9
"Cause" means termination of the Executive's service to the Bank due to: 
(i) actions or inactions which constitute a breach of the bylaws of the 
Bank or (ii) the Executive's personal dishonesty, willful misconduct, 
willful malfeasance, breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit, 
intentional failure to perform stated duties, willful violation of any law, 
rule, regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses), or 
final cease-and-desist order, material breach of any provision of this 
Plan, or gross negligence in matters of material importance to the Bank.

1.10
"Change in Control"of the Bank shall mean and include the following:
  	 
  	
(1)
a Change in Control of a nature that would be required to be reported in 
response to Item 1(a) of the current report of Form 8-K, as in effect on 
the date hereof, pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"); or
 
(2) 	
a change in control of the Bank within the meaning of 12 C.F.R. 574.4; or
 
(3) 	
a Change in Control at such time as
 
  	
(i)
any "person" (as the term is used in sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the 
Exchange Act) is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 
13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the 
Bank representing Twenty Percent (20.0%) or more of the combined voting 
power of the Bank's outstanding securities ordinarily having the right to 
vote at the election of Executives, except for (i) any stock of the Bank 
purchased by the Holding Company in connection with the conversion of the 
Bank to stock form, and (ii) any stock purchased by the Bank's Employee 
Stock Ownership Plan and/or trust; or
  	  	 
  	
(ii)
individuals who constitute the board of directors on the date hereof (the "
Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority 
thereof, provided that any person becoming a director subsequent to the 
date hereof whose election was approved by a vote of at least 
three-quarters of the directors comprising the Incumbent Board, or whose 
nomination for election by the Bank's stockholders was approved by the 
Bank's Nominating Committee which is comprised of members of the Incumbent 
Board, shall be, for purposes of this clause (ii), considered as though he 
were a member of the Incumbent Board; or
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  	
(iii)
merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of 
the bank occurs; or
  	  	 
  	
(iv)
a proxy statement is issued soliciting proxies from the members (or 
stockholders) of the Bank by someone other than the current management of 
the Bank, seeking member (or stockholder) approval of a plan of 
reorganization, merger, or consolidation of the Bank with one or more 
corporations as a result of which the outstanding shares of the class of 
the Bank's securities are exchanged for or converted into cash or property 
or securities not issued by the Bank.
     
    For purposes of this Subsection 1.10, the term "stockholder(s)" and "
    members" shall be considered one and the same. For purposes of this
    Subsection 1.10, the term "Holding Company" shall mean the holding
    company (including any successor thereto) organized to acquire the
    capital stock of the Bank upon the Bank's conversion from mutual to
    stock form.

1.11
"Children" means all natural or adopted children of the Executive and issue 
of any predeceased child or children.

1.12
"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to 
time.

1.13
"Contribution(s)" means those annual total contributions which the Bank is 
required to make to the Retirement Income Trust Fund on behalf of the 
Executive in accordance with Subsection 2.1(a) and in the amounts set forth 
in Exhibit A of the Agreement. Such Contributions, for the first Plan Year, 
shall include any and all amounts accrued by the Bank to pay the benefits 
promised to the Executive under any prior non-qualified deferred 
compensation agreements including any Joinder Agreements previously 
executed by the Bank and the Executive.

1.14
(a) "Disability Benefit" means the benefit payable to the Executive 
following a determination, in accordance with Subsection 6.1(a), that he is 
no longer able, properly and satisfactorily, to perform his duties at the 
Bank.
     
  	
(b) "Disability Benefit-Supplemental" (if applicable) means the benefit 
payable to the Executive's Beneficiary upon the Executive's death in 
accordance with Subsection 6.1(b).

5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.15
"Effective Date" of this Agreement shall be October 1, 2005.

1.16
"Estate" means the estate of the Executive.

1.17
"Interest Factor" means monthly compounding, discounting or annuitizing, as 
applicable, at a rate set forth in Exhibit A.

1.18
"Payout Period" means the time frame during which certain benefits payable 
hereunder shall be distributed. Payments shall be made in monthly 
installments commencing on the first day of the month following the 
occurrence of the event which triggers distribution and continuing for a 
period of one hundred eighty (180) months.

1.19
"Phantom Contributions" means those annual Contributions which the Bank is 
no longer required to make on behalf of the Executive to the Retirement 
Income Trust Fund. Rather, once the Executive has exercised the withdrawal 
rights provided for in Subsection 2.2, the Bank shall be required to record 
the annual amounts set forth in Exhibit A of the Agreement in the 
Executive's Accrued Benefit Account, pursuant to Subsection 2.1.

1.20
"Plan Year" shall mean the twelve (12) month period commencing January 1 
and ending December 31.

1.21
"Retirement Income Trust Fund" means the trust fund account established by 
the Executive and into which annual Contributions will be made by the Bank 
on behalf of the Executive pursuant to Subsection 2.1. The contractual 
rights of the Bank and the Executive with respect to the Retirement Income 
Trust Fund shall be outlined in a separate writing to be known as the 
George J. Smith Grantor Trust agreement.
  	 
1.22
"Spouse" means the individual to whom the Executive is legally married at 
the time of the Executive's death, provided, however, that the term "
Spouse" shall not refer to an individual to whom the Executive is legally 
married at the time of death if the Executive and such individual have 
entered into a formal separation agreement or initiated divorce 
proceedings.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.23
"Supplemental Retirement Income Benefit" means an annual amount (before 
taking into account federal and state income taxes), payable in monthly 
installments throughout the Payout Period. Such benefit is projected 
pursuant to the Agreement for the purpose of determining the Contributions 
to be made to the Retirement Income Trust Fund (or Phantom Contributions to 
be recorded in the Accrued Benefit Account). The annual Contributions and 
Phantom Contributions have been actuarially determined, using the 
assumptions set forth in Exhibit A, in order to fund for the projected 
Supplemental Retirement Income Benefit. The Supplemental Retirement Income 
Benefit for which Contributions (or Phantom Contributions) are being made 
(or recorded) is set forth in Exhibit A.

SECTION II
BENEFIT FUNDING

2.1
(a) Retirement Income Trust Fund and Accrued Benefit Account. The Executive 
shall establish the George J. Smith Grantor Trust into which the Bank shall 
be required to make annual Contributions on the Executive's behalf, 
pursuant to Exhibit A and this Section II of the Agreement. A trustee shall 
be selected by the Executive. The trustee shall maintain an account, 
separate and distinct from the Executive's personal contributions, which 
account shall constitute the Retirement Income Trust Fund. The trustee 
shall be charged with the responsibility of investing all contributed 
funds. Distributions from the Retirement Income Trust Fund of the George J. 
Smith Grantor Trust may be made by the trustee to the Executive, for 
purposes of payment of any income or employment taxes due and owing on 
Contributions by the Bank to the Retirement Income Trust Fund and on any 
taxable earnings associated with such Contributions which the Executive 
shall be required to pay from year to year, under applicable law, prior to 
actual receipt of any benefit payments from the Retirement Income Trust 
Fund. If the Executive exercises his withdrawal rights pursuant to 
Subsection 2.2, the Bank's obligation to make Contributions to the 
Retirement Income Trust Fund shall cease and the Bank's obligation to 
record Phantom Contributions in the Accrued Benefit Account shall 
immediately commence pursuant to Exhibit A and this Section II of the 
Agreement. To the extent this Agreement is inconsistent with the George J. 
Smith Grantor Trust Agreement, the George J. Smith Grantor Trust Agreement 
shall supersede this Agreement.

7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
     
    The annual Contributions (or Phantom Contributions) required to be made
    by the Bank to the Retirement Income Trust Fund (or recorded by the
    Bank in the Accrued Benefit Account) have been actuarially determined
    and are set forth in Exhibit A which is attached hereto and
    incorporated herein by reference. Contributions shall be made by the
    Bank to the Retirement Income Trust Fund (i) within seventy-five (75)
    days of establishment of such trust, and (ii) within the first thirty
    (30) days of the beginning of each subsequent Plan Year. Phantom
    Contributions, if any, shall be recorded in the Accrued Benefit Account
    within the first thirty (30) days of the beginning of each applicable
    Plan Year. Phantom Contributions shall accrue interest at a rate equal
    to the Interest Factor, during the Payout Period, until the balance of
    the Accrued Benefit Account has been fully distributed.

    The Administrator shall review the schedule of annual Contributions (or
    Phantom Contributions) provided for in Exhibit A (i) within thirty (30)
    days prior to the close of each Plan Year and (ii) if the Executive is
    employed by the Bank until attaining Benefit Age, on or immediately
    before attainment of such Benefit Age. Such review shall consist of an
    evaluation of the accuracy of all assumptions used to establish the
    schedule of Contributions (or Phantom Contributions). Provided that (i)
    the Executive has not exercised his withdrawal rights pursuant to
    Subsection 2.2 and (ii) the investments contained in the Retirement
    Income Trust Fund have been deemed reasonable by the Bank, the
    Administrator shall prospectively amend or supplement the schedule of
    Contributions provided for in Exhibit A should the Administrator
    determine during any such review that an increase in or supplement to 
    the schedule of Contributions is necessary in order to adequately fund
    the Retirement Income Trust Fund so as to provide an annual benefit (or
    to provide the lump sum equivalent of such benefit, as applicable)
    equal to the Supplemental Retirement Income Benefit, on an after-tax
    basis, commencing at Benefit Age and payable for the duration of the
    Payout Period.

(b) Withdrawal Rights Not Exercised. 
    (1) Contributions Made Annually
    If the Executive does not exercise any withdrawal rights pursuant to
    Subsection 2.2, the annual Contributions to the Retirement Income Trust
    Fund shall continue each year, unless this Subsection 2.1(b)
    specifically states otherwise, until the earlier of (i) the last Plan
    Year that Contributions are required pursuant to Exhibit A, or (ii) the
    Plan Year of the Executive's termination of service.

8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
     
    (2) Termination Following a Change in Control
    If the Executive does not exercise his withdrawal rights pursuant to
    Subsection 2.2 and a Change in Control occurs at the Bank, followed
    within thirty-six (36) months by either (i) the Executive's involuntary
    termination of service, or (ii) Executive's voluntary termination of
    service after: (A) a material change in the Executive's function,
    duties, or responsibilities, which change would cause the Executive's
    position to become one of lesser responsibility, importance, or scope
    from the position the Executive held at the time of the Change in
    Control, (B) a relocation of the Executive's principal place of service
    by more than thirty (30) miles from its location prior to the Change in
    Control, or (C) a material reduction in the benefits and perquisites to
    the Executive from those being provided at the time of the Change in
    Control, the Contributions as set forth on Schedule A shall continue to
    be required of the Bank. The Bank shall be required to make an
    immediate lump sum Contribution to the Executive's Retirement Income
    Trust Fund in an amount equal to: (i) the full Contribution required
    for the Plan Year in which such termination occurs, if not yet made,
    plus (ii) the present value (computed using a discount rate equal to
    the Interest Factor) of all remaining Contributions to the Retirement
    Income Trust Fund; provided, however, if necessary an additional amount
    shall be contributed to the Retirement Income Trust Fund which is
    sufficient to provide the Executive with after-tax benefits (assuming a
    constant tax rate equal to the rate in effect as of the date of
    Executive's termination) beginning at Benefit Age following such
    termination, equal in amount to that benefit which would have been
    payable to the Executive if no secular trust had been implemented and
    the benefit obligation had been accrued under APB Opinion No. 12, as
    amended by FAS 106.

(3) Termination For Cause
    If the Executive does not exercise his withdrawal rights pursuant to
    Subsection 2.2, and is terminated for Cause pursuant to Subsection 5.2,
    no further Contribution(s) to the Retirement Income Trust Fund shall be
    required of the Bank, and if not yet made, no Contribution shall be
    required for the Plan Year in which such termination for Cause occurs.

9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(4) Voluntary or Involuntary Termination of Service.
    If the Executive does not exercise his withdrawal rights pursuant to
    Subsection 2.2, and the Executive's service with the Bank is
    voluntarily or involuntarily terminated for any reason, (excluding
    termination under 2.1(b)(2) or (3) above) no further Contribution(s) to
    the Retirement Income Trust Fund shall be required of the Bank, and if
    not yet made, no Contribution shall be required for the Plan Year in
    which such termination occurs; provided, however, that, if necessary,
    an additional amount shall be contributed to the Retirement Income
    Trust Fund which is sufficient to provide the Executive with after-tax
    benefits (assuming a constant tax rate equal to the rate in effect as
    of the date of Executive's termination) beginning at the Executive’s
    Benefit Age following such termination, equal in amount to that benefit
    which would have been payable to the Executive if no secular trust had
    been implemented and the benefit obligation had been accrued under APB
    Opinion No. 12, as amended by FAS 106. The additional contribution, if
    necessary, may be made by the Bank at any time after the Executive’s
    service is terminated but must be made prior to the Executive reaching
    his or her Benefit Age.

(5) Death During Service.
    If the Executive does not exercise any withdrawal rights pursuant to
    Subsection 2.2, and dies while employed by the Bank, and if, following
    the Executive's death, the assets of the Retirement Income Trust Fund
    are insufficient to provide the Supplemental Retirement Income Benefit
    to which the Executive is entitled, the Bank shall be required to make
    a Contribution to the Retirement Income Trust Fund in an amount
    sufficient to provide the Executive’s beneficiary with benefits equal
    to the Supplemental Retirement Income Benefit, after taking into
    consideration any payments under any life insurance policies that may
    have been obtained on the Executive's life by the Retirement Income
    Trust Fund. Such final contribution shall be payable in a lump sum to
    the Retirement Income Trust Fund within thirty (30) days of the
    Executive's death.

    (c) Withdrawal Rights Exercised. 
    (1) Phantom Contributions Made Annually.
    If the Executive exercises his withdrawal rights pursuant to Subsection
    2.2, no further Contributions to the Retirement Income Trust Fund shall
    be required of the Bank. Thereafter, Phantom Contributions shall be
    recorded annually in the Executive's Accrued Benefit Account within
    thirty (30) days of the beginning of each Plan Year, commencing with
    the first Plan Year following the Plan Year in which the Executive
    exercises his withdrawal rights. Such Phantom Contributions shall
    continue to be recorded annually, unless this Subsection 2.1(c)
    specifically states otherwise, until the earlier of (i) the last Plan
    Year that Phantom Contributions are required pursuant to Exhibit A, or
    (ii) the Plan Year of the Executive's termination of service.

10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(2) Termination Following a Change in Control
    If the Executive exercises his withdrawal rights pursuant to Subsection
    2.2, Phantom Contributions shall commence in the Plan Year following
    the Plan Year in which the Executive first exercises his withdrawal
    rights. If a Change in Control occurs at the Bank, and within
    thirty-six (36) months of such Change in Control, the Executive's
    service is either (i) involuntarily terminated, or (ii) voluntarily
    terminated by the Executive after: (A) a material change in the
    Executive's function, duties, or responsibilities, which change would
    cause the Executive's position to become one of lesser responsibility,
    importance, or scope from the position the Executive held at the time
    of the Change in Control, (B) a relocation of the Executive's principal
    place of service by more than thirty (30) miles from its location prior
    to the Change in Control, or (C) a material reduction in the benefits
    and perquisites to the Executive from those being provided at the time
    of the Change in Control, the Phantom Contribution set forth below
    shall be required of the Bank. The Bank shall be required to record a
    lump sum Phantom Contribution in the Accrued Benefit Account within ten
    (10) days of the Executive's termination of service equal to (i) the
    full Contribution required for the Plan Year in which such termination
    occurs, if not yet made, plus (ii) the present value (computed using a
    discount rate equal to the Interest Factor) of all remaining
    Contributions to the Retirement Income Trust Fund.. The amount of such
    final Phantom Contribution shall be actuarially determined based on the
    Phantom Contribution required, at such time, in order to provide a
    benefit via this Agreement equal in amount to that benefit which would
    have been payable to the Executive if no secular trust had been
    implemented and the benefit obligation had been accrued under APB
    Opinion No. 12, as amended by FAS 106. (Such actuarial determination
    shall reflect the fact that amounts shall be payable from both the
    Accrued Benefit Account as well as the Retirement Income Trust Fund and
    shall also reflect the amount and timing of any withdrawal(s) made by
    the Executive from the Retirement Income Trust Fund pursuant to
    Subsection 2.2.)

11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (3) Termination For Cause
    If the Executive is terminated for Cause pursuant to Subsection 5.2,
    the entire balance of the Executive's Accrued Benefit Account at the
    time of such termination, which shall include any Phantom Contributions
    which have been recorded plus interest accrued on such Phantom
    Contributions, shall be forfeited.

(4) Voluntary and Involuntary Termination of Service.
    If the Executive exercises his withdrawal rights pursuant to Subsection
    2.2, and the Executive's service with the Bank is voluntarily or
    involuntarily terminated for any reason (excluding termination under
    2.1(c)(2) or (3) above), within thirty (30) days of such termination of
    service, no further Phantom Contributions shall be required of the
    Bank. Interest, at a rate equal to the Interest Factor, shall accrue on
    such Phantom Contributions until the Executive’s Benefit Eligibility
    Date.

    (5) Death During Service.
    If the Executive exercises his withdrawal rights pursuant to Subsection
    2.2, and dies while employed by the Bank, Phantom Contributions
    included on Exhibit A shall be required of the Bank. Such Phantom
    Contributions shall commence in the Plan Year following the Plan Year
    in which the Executive exercises his withdrawal rights and shall
    continue through the Plan Year in which the Executive dies. The Bank
    shall also be required to record a final Phantom Contribution within
    thirty (30) days of the Executive's death. The amount of such final
    Phantom Contribution shall be actuarially determined based on the
    Phantom Contribution required at such time (if any), in order to
    provide a benefit via this Agreement equivalent to the Supplemental
    Retirement Income Benefit commencing within thirty (30) days of the
    date the Administrator receives notice of the Executive's death and
    continuing for the duration of the Payout Period. (Such actuarial
    determination shall reflect the fact that amounts shall be payable from
    the Accrued Benefit Account as well as the Retirement Income Trust Fund
    and shall also reflect the amount and timing of any withdrawal(s) made
    by the Executive pursuant to Subsection 2.2.)

12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
     
2.2
Withdrawals From Retirement Income Trust Fund.
    Exercise of withdrawal rights by the Executive pursuant to the George
    J. Smith Grantor Trust agreement shall terminate the Bank's obligation
    to make any further Contributions to the Retirement Income Trust Fund,
    and the Bank's obligation to record Phantom Contributions pursuant to
    Subsection 2.1(c) shall commence. For purposes of this Subsection 2.2,
    "exercise of withdrawal rights" shall mean those withdrawal rights to
    which the Executive is entitled under Article III of the George J.
    Smith Grantor Trust agreement and shall exclude any distributions made
    by the trustee of the Retirement Income Trust Fund to the Executive for
    purposes of payment of income taxes in accordance with Subsection 2.1
    of this Agreement and the tax reimbursement formula contained in the
    trust document, or other trust expenses properly payable from the
    George J. Smith Grantor Trust pursuant to the provisions of the trust
    document.

2.3 	
Benefits Payable From Retirement Income Trust Fund
    Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in this Agreement, in the
    event that the trustee of the Retirement Income Trust Fund purchases a
    life insurance policy or annuity with the Contributions to and, if
    applicable, earnings of the Trust, and such life insurance policy or
    annuity is intended to continue in force beyond the Payout Period for
    the disability or retirement benefits payable from the Retirement
    Income Trust Fund pursuant to this Agreement, then the trustee shall
    have discretion to determine the portion of the cash value of such
    policy available for purposes of annuitizing the Retirement Income
    Trust Fund (it being understood that for purposes of this Section 2.3,
    "annuitizing" does not mean surrender of such policy and annuitizing of
    the cash value received upon such surrender) to provide the disability
    or retirement benefits payable under this Agreement, after taking into
    consideration the amounts reasonably believed to be required in order
    to maintain the cash value of such policy to continue such policy in
    effect until the death of the Executive and payment of death benefits
    thereunder.
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
SECTION III
RETIREMENT BENEFIT

3.1
If the Executive is employed with the Bank until reaching his Benefit Age 
this Subsection 3.1 shall be controlling with respect to retirement 
benefits.
    An actuarial evaluation shall be undertaken at such time as the
    Executive attains the Benefit Age for the purpose of determining the
    sufficiency of the Retirement Income Trust Fund Assets to provide the
    Executive with the Supplemental Retirement Income Benefit. If the
    assets are actuarially determined to be insufficient to provide the
    Supplemental Retirement Income Benefit, then a lump sum contribution
    will be made in an amount actuarially sufficient to enable the
    Executive to receive the full Supplemental Retirement Income Benefit.
    In no case will additional contributions be required.
    In the event the Executive dies at any time after attaining his Benefit
    Age, but prior to commencement or completion of all monthly payments
    due and owing hereunder the trustee of the Retirement Income Trust Fund
    shall pay to the Executive's Beneficiary the monthly installments (or a
    continuation of such monthly installments if they have already
    commenced) for the balance of months remaining in the Payout Period.

    The Executive's Accrued Benefit Account (if applicable), measured as of
    the Executive's Benefit Age, shall be annuitized (using the Interest
    Factor) into monthly installments and shall be payable for the Payout
    Period. Such benefit payments shall commence on the Executive's 
    Benefit Eligibility Date. In the event the Executive dies at any time
    after attaining his Benefit Age, but prior to commencement or
    completion of all the payments due and owing hereunder the Bank shall
    pay to the Executive's Beneficiary the same monthly installments (or a
    continuation of such monthly installments if they have already
    commenced) for the balance of months remaining in the Payout Period.

SECTION IV
PRE-RETIREMENT DEATH BENEFIT

4.1
If the Executive dies while employed by the Bank this Subsection 4.1 shall 
be controlling with respect to pre-retirement death benefits.

    The balance of the Executive's Retirement Income Trust Fund, measured
    as of the later of (i) the Executive's death, or (ii) the date any
    final lump sum Contribution is made pursuant to Subsection 2.1(b),
    shall be used to provide the Executive's beneficiary with benefits
    actuarially determined to be equal in amount to those the Executive
    would have received had the Executive lived until reaching the Benefit
    Age. Such benefits shall commence within thirty (30) days of the date
    the Administrator receives notice of the Executive's death.
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    The Executive's Accrued Benefit Account (if applicable), measured as of
    the later of (i) the Executive's death or (ii) the date any final lump
    sum Phantom Contribution is recorded in the Accrued Benefit Account
    pursuant to Subsection 2.1(c), shall be annuitized (using the Interest
    Factor) into monthly installments and shall be payable to the
    Executive's Beneficiary for the Payout Period. Such benefit payments
    shall commence within thirty (30) days of the date the Administrator
    receives notice of the Executive's death, or if later, within thirty
    (30) days after any final lump sum Phantom Contribution is recorded in
    the Accrued Benefit Account in accordance with Subsection 2.1(c).


SECTION V
BENEFIT(S) IN THE EVENT OF TERMINATION OF SERVICE
PRIOR TO BENEFIT AGE

5.1
Voluntary or Involuntary Termination of Service Other Than for Cause. In 
the event the Executive's service with the Bank is voluntarily or 
involuntarily terminated prior to Benefit Age, for any reason, including a 
Change in Control, but excluding (i) any disability related termination for 
which the Board of Executives has approved early payment of benefits 
pursuant to Subsection 6.1, (ii) the Executive's pre-retirement death, 
which shall be covered in Section IV, (iii) or termination for Cause, which 
shall be covered in Subsection 5.2, the Executive (or his Beneficiary) 
shall be entitled to receive benefits in accordance with this Subsection 
5.1. Payments of benefits pursuant to this Subsection 5.1 shall be made in 
accordance with Subsection 5.1 (a) or 5.1 (b) below, as applicable.

                         (a) Executive Lives Until Benefit Age 
    If after such termination, the Executive lives until attaining his
    Benefit Age, this Subsection 5.1(a) shall be controlling with respect
    to retirement benefits.
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    An actuarial evaluation shall be undertaken at such time as the
    Executive attains the Benefit Age for the purpose of determining the
    sufficiency of the Retirement Income Trust Fund Assets to provide the
    Executive with the Supplemental Retirement Income Benefit. If the
    assets are actuarially determined to be insufficient to provide the
    Supplemental Retirement Income Benefit, then a lump sum contribution
    will be made in an amount actuarially sufficient to enable the
    Executive to receive the full Supplemental Retirement Income Benefit.
    In no case will additional contributions be required.
    In the event the Executive dies at any time after attaining his Benefit
    Age, but prior to commencement or completion of all monthly payments
    due and owing hereunder the trustee of the Retirement Income Trust Fund
    shall pay to the Executive's Beneficiary the monthly installments (or a
    continuation of the monthly installments if they have already
    commenced) for the balance of months remaining in the Payout Period.

    The Executive’s Accrued Benefit Account (if applicable), measured as of
    the Executive’s Benefit Age, shall be annuitized (using the Interest
    Factor) into monthly installments and shall be payable for the Payout
    Period. Such benefit payments shall commence on the Executive’s Benefit
    Eligibility Date. In the event the Executive dies at any time after
    attaining his Benefit Age, but prior to commencement or completion of
    all the payments due and owing hereunder the Bank shall pay to the
    Executive’s Beneficiary the same monthly installments (or a
    continuation of such monthly installments if they have already
    commenced) for the balance of months remaining in the Payout Period.
 
    (b) Executive Dies Prior to Benefit Age
     
    If after such termination, the Executive dies prior to attaining his
    Benefit Age, this Subsection 5.1(b) shall be controlling with respect
    to retirement benefits.

    The Retirement Income Trust Fund, measured as of the date of the
    Executive's death, shall be used to provide the Executive’s beneficiary
    with benefits actuarially determined to be equal in amount to those the
    Executive would have received had the Executive lived until reaching
    the Benefit Age. Such payments shall commence within thirty (30) days
    of the date the Administrator receives notice of the Executive's death.
     
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
     
    The Executive’s Accrued Benefit Account (if applicable), measured as of
    the date of the Executive’s death, shall be annuitized (using the
    Interest Factor) into monthly installments and shall be payable for the
    Payout Period. Such payments shall commence within thirty (30) days of
    the date the Administrator receives notice of the Executive’s death.

5.2
Termination For Cause.
     
    If the Executive is terminated for Cause, all benefits under this
    Agreement, other than those which can be paid from previous
    Contributions to the Retirement Income Trust Fund (and earnings on such
    Contributions), shall be forfeited. Furthermore, no further
    Contributions (or Phantom Contributions, as applicable) shall be
    required of the Bank for the year in which such termination for Cause
    occurs (if not yet made). The Executive shall be entitled to receive a
    benefit in accordance with this Subsection 5.2.

    The balance of the Executive’s Retirement Income Trust Fund shall be
    paid to the Executive in a lump sum on his Benefit Eligibility Date. In
    the event the Executive dies prior to his Benefit Eligibility Date, his
    Beneficiary shall be entitled to receive the balance of the Executive's
    Retirement Income Trust Fund in a lump sum within thirty (30) days of
    the date the Administrator receives notice of the Executive's death.
     
SECTION VI
OTHER BENEFITS

6.1
(a) Disability Benefit.
     
    If the Executive's service is terminated prior to Benefit Age due to a
    disability which meets the criteria set forth below, the Executive may
    request to receive the Disability Benefit in lieu of the retirement
    benefits available pursuant to Section 5.1 (which are not available
    prior to the Executive's Benefit Eligibility Date).
     
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
     
    In any instance in which: (i) it is determined by a duly licensed,
    independent physician selected by the Bank, that the Executive is no
    longer able, properly and satisfactorily, to perform his regular duties
    as an officer, because of ill health, accident, disability or general
    inability due to age, (ii) the Executive requests payment under this
    Subsection in lieu of Subsection 5.1, and (iii) Board of Executive
    approval is obtained to allow payment under this Subsection, in lieu of
    Subsection 5.1, the Executive shall be entitled to the following lump
    sum benefit(s). The lump sum benefit(s) to which the Executive is
    entitled shall include: (i) the balance of the Retirement Income Trust
    Fund, plus (ii) the balance of the Accrued Benefit Account (if
    applicable). The benefit(s) shall be paid within thirty (30) days
    following the date of the Executive's request for such benefit is
    approved by the Board of Directors. In the event the Executive dies
    after becoming eligible for such payment(s) but before the actual
    payment(s) is (are) made, his Beneficiary shall be entitled to receive
    the benefit(s) provided for in this Subsection 6.1(a) within thirty
    (30) days of the date the Administrator receives notice of the
    Executive's death.

    (b) Disability Benefit - Supplemental.
     
    Furthermore, if Board of Director approval is obtained within thirty
    (30) days of the Executive’s death, the Bank shall make a direct, lump
    sum payment to the Executive's Beneficiary in an amount equal to the
    sum of all remaining Contributions (or Phantom Contributions) set forth
    in Exhibit A, but not required pursuant to Subsection 2.1(b) (or
    2.1(c)) due to the Executive's disability-related termination. Such
    lump sum payment, if approved by the Board of Directors, shall be
    payable to the Executive’s Beneficiary within thirty (30) days of such
    Board of Director approval.

6.2
Additional Death Benefit - Burial Expense.
     
    Upon the Executive’s death, the Executive’s Beneficiary shall also be
    entitled to receive a one-time lump sum death benefit in the amount of
    Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000). This benefit shall be paid directly
    from the Bank to the Beneficiary and shall be provided specifically for
    the purpose of providing payment for burial and/or funeral expenses of
    the Executive. Such death benefit shall be payable within thirty (30)
    days of the date the Administrator receives notice of the Executive’s
    death. The Executive’s Beneficiary shall not be entitled to such
    benefit if the Executive is terminated for Cause prior to death.
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
SECTION VII
BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION

The Executive shall make an initial designation of primary and secondary 
Beneficiaries upon execution of this Agreement and shall have the right to 
change such designation, at any subsequent time, by submitting to (i) the 
Administrator, and (ii) the trustee of the Retirement Income Trust Fund, in 
substantially the form attached as Exhibit B to this Agreement, a written 
designation of primary and secondary Beneficiaries. Any Beneficiary 
designation made subsequent to execution of this Agreement shall become 
effective only when receipt thereof is acknowledged in writing by the 
Administrator.
 
SECTION VIII
EXECUTIVE'S RIGHT TO ASSETS

The rights of the Executive, any Beneficiary, or any other person claiming 
through the Executive under this Agreement, shall be solely those of an 
unsecured general creditor of the Bank. The Executive, the Beneficiary, or 
any other person claiming through the Executive, shall only have the right 
to receive from the Bank those payments or amounts so specified under this 
Agreement. The Executive agrees that he, his Beneficiary, or any other 
person claiming through him shall have no rights or interests whatsoever in 
any asset of the Bank, including any insurance policies or contracts which 
the Bank may possess or obtain to informally fund this Agreement. Any asset 
used or acquired by the Bank in connection with the liabilities it has 
assumed under this Agreement shall not be deemed to be held under any trust 
for the benefit of the Executive or his Beneficiaries, unless such asset is 
contained in the rabbi trust described in Section XII of this Agreement. 
Any such asset shall be and remain a general, unpledged asset of the Bank 
in the event of the Bank’s insolvency.
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
SECTION IX
RESTRICTIONS UPON FUNDING

The Bank shall have no obligation to set aside, earmark or entrust any fund 
or money with which to pay its obligations under this Agreement, other than 
those Contributions required to be made to the Retirement Income Trust 
Fund. The Executive, his Beneficiaries or any successor in interest to him 
shall be and remain simply a general unsecured creditor of the Bank in the 
same manner as any other creditor having a general claim for matured and 
unpaid compensation. The Bank reserves the absolute right in its sole 
discretion to either purchase assets to meet its obligations undertaken by 
this Agreement or to refrain from the same and to determine the extent, 
nature, and method of such asset purchases. Should the Bank decide to 
purchase assets such as life insurance, mutual funds, disability policies 
or annuities, the Bank reserves the absolute right, in its sole discretion, 
to replace such assets from time to time or to terminate its investment in 
such assets at any time, in whole or in part. At no time shall the 
Executive be deemed to have any lien, right, title or interest in or to any 
specific investment or to any assets of the Bank. If the Bank elects to 
invest in a life insurance, disability or annuity policy upon the life of 
the Executive, then the Executive shall assist the Bank by freely 
submitting to a physical examination and by supplying such additional 
information necessary to obtain such insurance or annuities.

SECTION X
ACT PROVISIONS

10.1
Named Fiduciary and Administrator. The Bank, as Administrator, shall be the 
Named Fiduciary of this Agreement. As Administrator, the Bank shall be 
responsible for the management, control and administration of the Agreement 
as established herein. The Administrator may delegate to others certain 
aspects of the management and operational responsibilities of the 
Agreement, including the employment of advisors and the delegation of 
ministerial duties to qualified individuals.
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
10.2
Claims Procedure and Arbitration. In the event that benefits under this 
Agreement are not paid to the Executive (or to his Beneficiary in the case 
of the Executive's death) and such claimants feel they are entitled to 
receive such benefits, then a written claim must be made to the 
Administrator within sixty (60) days from the date payments are refused. 
The Administrator shall review the written claim and, if the claim is 
denied, in whole or in part, it shall provide in writing, within ninety 
(90) days of receipt of such claim, its specific reasons for such denial, 
reference to the provisions of this Agreement upon which the denial is 
based, and any additional material or information necessary to perfect the 
claim. Such writing by the Administrator shall further indicate the 
additional steps which must be undertaken by claimants if an additional 
review of the claim denial is desired.

    If claimants desire a second review, they shall notify the
    Administrator in writing within sixty (60) days of the first claim
    denial. Claimants may review this Agreement or any documents relating
    thereto and submit any issues and comments, in writing, they may feel
    appropriate. In its sole discretion, the Administrator shall then
    review the second claim and provide a written decision within sixty
    (60) days of receipt of such claim. This decision shall state the
    specific reasons for the decision and shall include reference to
    specific provisions of this Agreement upon which the decision is based.

    If claimants continue to dispute the benefit denial based upon
    completed performance of this Plan and the Agreement or the meaning and
    effect of the terms and conditions thereof, then claimants may submit
    the dispute to mediation, administered by the American Arbitration
    Association ("'AAA") (or a mediator selected by the parties) in
    accordance with the AAA’s Commercial Mediation Rules. If mediation is
    not successful in resolving the dispute, it shall be settled by
    arbitration administered by the AAA under its Commercial Arbitration
    Rules, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be
    entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

SECTION XI
MISCELLANEOUS

11.1
No Effect on Employment Rights. Nothing contained herein will confer upon 
the Executive the right to be retained in the service of the Bank nor limit 
the right of the Bank to discharge or otherwise deal with the Executive 
without regard to the existence of the Agreement.

11.2
State Law. The Agreement is established under, and will be construed 
according to, the laws of the state of Indiana, to the extent such laws are 
not preempted by the Act and valid regulations published thereunder.

11.3
Severability. In the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement or 
portion thereof, are held to be inoperative or invalid by any court of 
competent jurisdiction, then: (1) insofar as is reasonable, effect will be 
given to the intent manifested in the provisions held invalid or 
inoperative, and (2) the validity and enforceability of the remaining 
provisions will not be affected thereby.

11.4
Incapacity of Recipient. In the event the Executive is declared incompetent 
and a conservator or other person legally charged with the care of his 
person or Estate is appointed, any benefits under the Agreement to which 
such Executive is entitled shall be paid to such conservator or other 
person legally charged with the care of his person or Estate.

11.5
Unclaimed Benefit. The Executive shall keep the Bank informed of his 
current address and the current address of his Beneficiaries. The Bank 
shall not be obligated to search for the whereabouts of any person. If the 
location of the Executive is not made known to the Bank as of the date upon 
which any payment of any benefits from the Accrued Benefit Account may 
first be made, the Bank shall delay payment of the Executive's benefit 
payment(s) until the location of the Executive is made known to the Bank; 
however, the Bank shall only be obligated to hold such benefit payment(s) 
for the Executive until the expiration of thirty-six (36) months.
     
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------

11.6
Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any of the preceding provisions 
of the Agreement, no individual acting as an employee or agent of the Bank, 
or as a member of the Board of Executives shall be personally liable to the 
Executive or any other person for any claim, loss, liability or expense 
incurred in connection with the Agreement.

11.7
Gender. Whenever in this Agreement words are used in the masculine or 
neuter gender, they shall be read and construed as in the masculine, 
feminine or neuter gender, whenever they should so apply.

11.8
Effect on Other Corporate Benefit Agreements. Nothing contained in this 
Agreement shall affect the right of the Executive to participate in or be 
covered by any qualified or non-qualified pension, profit sharing, group, 
bonus or other supplemental compensation or fringe benefit agreement 
constituting a part of the Bank's existing or future compensation 
structure.

11.9
Suicide. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the 
Executive's death results from suicide, whether sane or insane, within 
twenty-six (26) months after execution of this Agreement, all further 
Contributions to the Retirement Income Trust Fund (or Phantom Contributions 
recorded in the Accrued Benefit Account) shall thereupon cease, and no 
Contribution (or Phantom Contribution) shall be made by the Bank to the 
Retirement Income Trust Fund (or recorded in the Accrued Benefit Account) 
in the year such death resulting from suicide occurs (if not yet made). All 
benefits other than those available from previous Contributions to the 
Retirement Income Trust Fund under this Agreement shall be forfeited, and 
this Agreement shall become null and void. The balance of the Retirement 
Income Trust Fund, measured as of the Executive's date of death, shall be 
paid to the Beneficiary within thirty (30) days of the date the 
Administrator receives notice of the Executive's death.

11.10
Inurement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the 
benefit of the Bank, its successors and assigns, and the Executive, his 
successors, heirs, executors, administrators, and Beneficiaries.

11.11
Headings. Headings and sub-headings in this Agreement are inserted for 
reference and convenience only and shall not be deemed a part of this 
Agreement.
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
11.12
Establishment of a Rabbi Trust. The Bank shall establish a rabbi trust into 
which the Bank shall contribute assets which shall be held therein, subject 
to the claims of the Bank's creditors in the event of the Bank's 
"Insolvency" (as defined in such rabbi trust agreement), until the 
contributed assets are paid to the Executive and/or his Beneficiary in such 
manner and at such times as specified in this Agreement. It is the 
intention of the Bank that the contribution or contributions to the rabbi 
trust shall provide the Bank with a source of funds to assist it in meeting 
the liabilities of this Agreement.

11.13 	
Source of Payments. All payments provided in this Agreement shall be timely 
paid in cash or check from the general funds of the Bank or the assets of 
the rabbi trust, to the extent made from the Accrued Benefit Account.
     
SECTION XII
AMENDMENT/PLAN TERMINATION

12.1
Amendment or Plan Termination. The Bank intends this Agreement to be 
permanent, and the Agreement may not be amended or terminated without the 
express written consent of the parties. Any amendment or termination of the 
Agreement shall be made pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors 
of the Bank and shall be effective as of the date of such resolution. No 
amendment or termination of the Agreement shall directly or indirectly 
deprive the Executive of all or any portion of the Executive's Retirement 
Income Trust Fund (and Accrued Benefit Account, if applicable) as of the 
effective date of the resolution amending or terminating the Agreement.

    Notwithstanding the above, if the Executive does not exercise any
    withdrawal rights pursuant to Subsection 2.2, and if at any time after
    the final Contribution immediately prior to Executive’s Benefits
    Eligibility Date or the date that triggers distribution is made to the
    Retirement Income Trust Fund the Executive elects to terminate the
    Retirement Income Trust Fund and receive a distribution of the assets
    of the Retirement Income Trust Fund, then upon such distribution this
    Agreement shall terminate.
 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
12.2
Executive's Right to Payment Following Plan Termination. In the event of a 
termination of the Agreement, the Executive shall be entitled to the 
balance, if any, of his Retirement Income Trust Fund (and Accrued Benefit 
Account, if applicable). However, if such termination is done in 
anticipation of or pursuant to a "Change in Control," such balance(s) shall 
include the final Contribution (or final Phantom Contribution) made (or 
recorded) pursuant to Subsection 2.1(b)(2) (or 2.1(c)(2)). Payment of the 
balance(s) of the Executive's Retirement Income Trust Fund (and Accrued 
Benefit Account, if applicable) shall not be dependent upon his 
continuation of service with the Bank following the termination date of the 
Agreement. Payment of the balance(s) of the Executive's Retirement Income 
Trust Fund (and Accrued Benefit Account, if applicable) shall be made in a 
lump sum within thirty (30) days of the date of termination of the 
Agreement.

SECTION XIII
EXECUTION

13.1
This Agreement and the George J. Smith Grantor Trust Agreement set forth 
the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the 
transactions contemplated hereby, and any previous agreements or 
understandings between the parties hereto regarding the subject matter 
hereof are merged into and superseded by this Agreement and the George J. 
Smith Grantor Trust Agreement.

13.2
This Agreement shall be executed in triplicate, each copy of which, when so 
executed and delivered, shall be an original, but all three copies shall 
together constitute one and the same instrument.
 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Bank and the Executive have caused this Agreement 
to be executed on the day and date first above written.
 

ATTEST:
  	
(BANK):
  	  	 
  	  	 
 /s/ Rick Heldt 	  	
By:
 /s/ Michael H. Head
  	  	  	 
  	  	
Title:
 President and CEO
  	  	 
  	  	 
WITNESS:
  	
EXECUTIVE:
  	  	 
  	  	 
 /s/ Rick Heldt 	  	 /s/ George J. Smith
 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
CONDITIONS, ASSUMPTIONS,
AND
SCHEDULE OF CONTRIBUTIONS AND PHANTOM CONTRIBUTIONS

1. 	
Interest Factor - for purposes of:

  	
a.
the Accrued Benefit Account - shall be seven percent (7%) per annum, 
compounded monthly.

  	
b.
the Retirement Income Trust Fund - for purposes of annuitizing the balance 
of the Retirement Income Trust Fund over the Payout Period, the trustee of 
the George J. Smith Grantor Trust shall exercise discretion in selecting 
the appropriate rate given the nature of the investments contained in the 
Retirement Income Trust Fund and the expected return associated with the 
investments. For these purposes, if the trustee of the Retirement Income 
Trust Fund has purchased a life insurance policy, the trustee shall have 
the discretion to determine the portion of the cash value of such policy 
available for purposes of annuitizing the Retirement Income Trust Fund, in 
accordance with Section 2.3 of the Agreement.

2.
The amount of the annual Contributions (or Phantom Contributions) to the 
Retirement Income Trust Fund (or Accrued Benefit Account) has been based on 
the annual incremental accounting accruals which would be required of the 
Bank through the earlier of the Executive’s death or Benefit Age, (i) 
pursuant to APB Opinion No. 12, as amended by FAS 106 and (ii) assuming a 
discount rate equal to seven percent (7%); provided, however, that if there 
is a Change in Control, the following formulae shall be used: In the event 
a life insurance product is purchased, 150 basis points less than the then 
current crediting rate on the policy or in the event an annuity product is 
purchased, 200 basis points less than the then current mean crediting rate 
on the annuity, in order to provide the unfunded, non-qualified 
Supplemental Retirement Income Benefit.

3.
Supplemental Retirement Income Benefit means an actuarially determined 
annual amount equal to Fifty-Four Thousand Six Hundred and Ninety-Six 
Dollars ($54,696) at age 65 if paid entirely from the Accrued Benefit 
Account or Thirty-Eight Thousand and Fourteen Dollars ($38,014) at age 65 
if paid from the Retirement Income Trust Fund.

The Supplemental Retirement Income Benefit:

  	
·
the definition of Supplemental Retirement Income Benefit has been 
incorporated into the Agreement for the sole purpose of actuarially 
establishing the amount of annual Contributions (or Phantom Contributions) 
to the Retirement Income Trust Fund (or Accrued Benefit Account). The 
amount of any actual retirement, pre-retirement or disability benefit 
payable pursuant to the Agreement will be a function of (i) the amount and 
timing of Contributions (or Phantom Contributions) to the Retirement Income 
Trust Fund (or Accrued Benefit Account) and (ii) the actual investment 
experience of such Contributions (or the monthly compounding rate of 
Phantom Contributions).

27
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Exhibit A
 
4. 	
Schedule of Annual Gross Contributions/Phantom Contributions
(George J. Smith)
 

       Plan Year
         	
        Amount
        
         	  	  	 
       2005
         	  	
       33,829
        
       2006
         	  	
       12,117
        
       2007
         	  	
       13,697
        
       2008
         	  	
       15,436
        
       2009
         	  	
       17,351
        
       2010
         	  	
       19,470
        
       2011
         	  	
       21,803
        
       2012
         	  	
       24,370
        
       2013
         	  	
       27,195
        
       2014
         	  	
       30,305
        
       2015
         	  	
       33,712
        
       2016
         	  	
       37,459
        
       2017
         	  	
       41,575
        
       2018
         	  	
       46,086
        
       2019
         	  	
       51,037
        
       2020
         	  	
       56,455
        
       2021
         	  	
       45,755
        
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Exhibit A - Cont’d
 
DEFERRED COMPENSATION AGREEMENT
BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION

The Executive, under the terms of the Deferred Compensation Agreement 
executed by the Bank, dated the __________________, 2005, hereby designates 
the following Beneficiary(ies) to receive any guaranteed payments or death 
benefits under such Agreement, following his death:
 
PRIMARY BENEFICIARY:
 
  	 
SECONDARY BENEFICIARY:
 
 
This Beneficiary Designation hereby revokes any prior Beneficiary 
Designation which may have been in effect.

Such Beneficiary Designation is revocable.
 
DATE: ______________________, 20__
 
  	  	 
WITNESS
  	
EXECUTIVE
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Exhibit B
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
First Amendment to the
Deferred Compensation Agreement for
George J. Smith

Upon mutual consent and for valuable consideration hereby recognized, the 
Deferred Compensation Agreement for George J. Smith is hereby amended to 
bring the plan into compliance with 26 USCS § 409A. The language below is 
immediately effective for each listed section and supercedes all previous 
versions of these sections.

Amended Sections

Subsection 1.1 of the Deferred Compensation Agreement for George J. Smith 
shall be amended to read as follows;

1.1
"Accrued Benefit Account" shall be represented by the bookkeeping entries 
required to record the Executive's (i) Phantom Contributions plus (ii) 
accrued interest, equal to the Interest Factor, earned to-date on such 
amounts. However, neither the existence of such bookkeeping entries nor the 
Accrued Benefit Account itself shall be deemed to create either a trust of 
any kind, or a fiduciary relationship between the Bank and the Executive or 
any Beneficiary. In the event the Bank commences Phantom Contributions to 
the Accrued Benefit Account it is intended that all aspects of this 
agreement will be construed in a manner consistent with IRC § 409A.
     
Subsection 1.10 of the Deferred Compensation Agreement for George J. Smith 
shall be amended to read as follows;

1.10 	
“Change of Control” shall mean and include the following change of control 
events with respect to the Bank, or the Holding Company;
 
    Change in Control Events shall include a change in the ownership of the
    corporation, a change in effective control of the corporation, or a
    change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the
    corporation.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
     
    For this section “persons acting as a group” is defined as follows;
    Persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners
    of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or
    acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the
    corporation. Persons will not be considered to be acting as a group
    solely because they purchase or own stock of the same corporation at
    the same time, or as a result of the same public offering. If a person,
    including an entity, owns stock in both corporations that enter into a
    merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar
    transaction, such shareholder is considered to be acting as a group
    with other shareholders in a corporation only with respect to the
    ownership in that corporation prior to the transaction giving rise to
    the change and not with respect to the ownership interest in the other
    corporation.
 
  	
A.
Change in Ownership of the Corporation
 
    Change in the ownership occurs on the date that any one person, or more
    than one person acting as a group (as defined above), acquires
    ownership of stock of the corporation that, together with stock held by
    such person or group, constitutes more than 50 percent of the total
    fair market value or total voting power of the stock of such
    corporation. However, if any one person or more than one person acting
    as a group, is considered to own more than 50 percent of the total fair
    market value or total voting power of the stock of a corporation, the
    acquisition of additional stock by the same person or persons is not
    considered to cause a change in the ownership of the corporation or to
    cause a change in the effective control of the corporation.
 
  	
B.
Change in the Effective Control of the Corporation
 
    Change in the effective control of the corporation. A change in the
    effective control of a corporation occurs on the date that either — (1)
    Any one person, or more than one person acting as a group (as defined
    above), acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on
    the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons)
    ownership of stock of the corporation possessing 35 percent or more of
    the total voting power of the stock of such corporation; or (2) a
    majority of members of the corporation’s board of directors is replaced
    during any 12-month period by directors whose appointment or election
    is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the corporation’s board
    of directors prior to the date of the appointment or election.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  	
C.
Change in the Ownership of a Substantial Portion of the Corporation’s 
Assets.
 
    Change in the ownership of a substantial portion of a corporation’s
    assets occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person
    acting as a group (as defined above), acquires (or has acquired during
    the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition
    by such person or persons) assets from the corporation that have a
    total gross fair market value equal to or more than 40 percent of the
    total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the corporation
    immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions. For this
    purpose, gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the
    corporation, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined
    without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets.
 
The following language will be added to Subsection 2.1(c) of the Deferred 
Compensation Agreement for George J. Smith;

    (c) Withdrawal Rights Exercised. 

    If the Executive exercises his withdrawal rights pursuant to Subsection
    2.2, the Bank's obligation to make Contributions to the Retirement
    Income Trust Fund shall cease and the Bank's obligation to record
    Phantom Contributions in the Accrued Benefit Account shall commence.
    Because Phantom Contributions to the Accrued Benefit Account are not
    taxed to the executive until distributed as benefits, the Accrued
    Benefit Account is subject to IRC § 409A. In the event the Bank
    commences Phantom Contributions to the Accrued Benefit Account it is
    intended that all aspects of this agreement will be construed in a
    manner consistent with IRC § 409A.

Subsection 2.2 of the Deferred Compensation Agreement for George J. Smith 
shall be amended to read as follows;

2.2
Withdrawals From Retirement Income Trust Fund.
    Exercise of withdrawal rights by the Executive pursuant to the George
    J. Smith Grantor Trust agreement shall terminate the Bank's obligation
    to make any further Contributions to the Retirement Income Trust Fund,
    and the Bank's obligation to record Phantom Contributions pursuant to
    Subsection 2.1(c) shall commence. In the event the Bank commences
    Phantom Contributions to the Accrued Benefit Account it is intended
    that all aspects of this agreement will be construed in a manner
    consistent with IRC § 409A. For purposes of this Subsection 2.2, "
    exercise of withdrawal rights" shall mean those withdrawal rights to
    which the Executive is entitled under Article III of the George J.
    Smith Grantor Trust agreement and shall exclude any distributions made
    by the trustee of the Retirement Income Trust Fund to the Executive for
    purposes of payment of income taxes in accordance with Subsection 2.1
    of this Agreement and the tax reimbursement formula contained in the
    trust document, or other trust expenses properly payable from the
    George J. Smith Grantor Trust pursuant to the provisions of the trust
    document.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
The following Subsection 2.4 shall be added to the Deferred Compensation 
Agreement for George J. Smith;

2.4
Benefits Payable From the Accrued Benefit Account
    If the Executive exercises his withdrawal rights pursuant to Subsection
    2.2, the Bank's obligation to make Contributions to the Retirement
    Income Trust Fund shall cease and the Bank's obligation to record
    Phantom Contributions in the Accrued Benefit Account shall commence.
    Because Phantom Contributions to the Accrued Benefit Account are not
    taxed to the executive until distributed as benefits, the Accrued
    Benefit Account is subject to IRC § 409A. In the event the Bank
    commences Phantom Contributions to the Accrued Benefit Account it is
    intended that all aspects of this agreement will be construed in a
    manner consistent with IRC § 409A.

The following language will be added to the end of the second paragraph of 
Subsection 6.1(a) Disability Benefit, of the Deferred Compensation 
Agreement for George J. Smith;

    For these purposes, a distribution from the Accrued Benefit Account
    (but not the Retirement Income Trust Fund) shall require a
    determination that the Executive is “disabled” within the meaning of
    proposed Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(g)(4).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
All other provisions of the Deferred Compensation Agreement for George J. 
Smith which are not specifically modified by this Amendement are hereby 
incorporated and shall remain in full force and effect. This amendment is 
effective upon resolution by the Board of Directors of the Bank. Signature 
below indicates that this amendment has been presented to and approved by 
the Board of Directors of the Bank.

/s/ George J. Smith
  Date 11/20/06
Participant Signature and Date
  	  	 
George J. Smith EVP/CFO
  	
Participant Printed Name/Title
  	  	 
/s/ Michael H. Head
  Date 11/27/06
Bank Officer Signature and Date
  	  	 
Michael H. Head, CEO
  	
Bank Officer Printed Name/Title

------------------------------------------------------------------------