 EX-10.2 3 a07-25388_1ex10d2.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2

LNG SALES AGREEMENT

 

Between

SPECTRUM ENERGY SERVICES, LLC

An Alaska Limited Liability Company with offices at
8505 South Elwood Avenue, Building #123
Tulsa, OK 74132
Telephone: 918-298-6660
Fax: 918-298-6662

SELLER

 

and

 

CLEAN ENERGY

A California Corporation, with offices at
3020 Old Ranch Parkway, Suite 200
Seal Beach, CA 90740
Telephone: 562-493-2804
Fax: 562-546-0097

BUYER

 

 

Dated as of October 17th, 2007

Sales Agreement No: 100-07
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS

PREAMBLE
2
 
 
ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS
2
 
 
ARTICLE 2 TERM OF SALES AGREEMENT
3
 
 
ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS REGARDING LNG FACILITIES
3
 
 
ARTICLE 4 CONSTRUCTION OF FACILITIES
4
 
 
ARTICLE 5 LNG PLANT CAPACITY AND HOURS OF OPERATION
4
 
 
ARTICLE 6 QUALITY OF LNG
5
 
 
ARTICLE 7 DELIVERY POINT
5
 
 
ARTICLE 8 MEASUREMENT
5
 
 
ARTICLE 9 SELLER’S SHUT DOWN
6
 
 
ARTICLE 10 BUYER’S SHUT DOWN
6
 
 
ARTICLE 11 PRICE
6
 
 
ARTICLE 12 MONTHLY LIQUEFACTION CHARGE
6
 
 
ARTICLE 13 GAS COST
7
 
 
ARTICLE 14 ENERGY CHARGE
8
 
 
ARTICLE 15 BILLING AND PAYMENT
8
 
 
ARTICLE 16 TAKE OR PAY
9
 
 
ARTICLE 17 EXCLUSIVITY
10
 
 
ARTICLE 18 DEFAULT
10
 
 
ARTICLE 19 LAWS
11
 
 
ARTICLE 20 LIABILITY AND WARRANTIES
11
 
 
ARTICLE 21 TAXES
12
 
 
ARTICLE 22 FORCE MAJEURE
13
 
 
ARTICLE 23 ASSIGNMENT
13
 
 
ARTICLE 24 SEVERABILITY
14
 
 
ARTICLE 25 NOTICES
14
 
 
ARTICLE 26 MODIFICATIONS AND AMENDMENTS
15
 
 
ARTICLE 27 CONFIDENTIALITY
15
 
 
ARTICLE 28 WAIVER
15
 
 
ARTICLE 29 MISCELLANEOUS
16
 
 
ARTICLE 30 INTERPRETATION
19
 
 
ARTICLE 31 PRIOR AGREEMENTS
19
 
 
ARTICLE 32 TERMINATION
19
 
 
ARTICLE 33 DAMAGES, FEES AND COSTS
20
 
 
ARTICLE 34 MUTUAL WAIVER OF CERTAIN REMEDIES
20
 
 
ARTICLE 35 RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES
21
 
 
ARTICLE 36 EXECUTION REQUIRED
21
 
 
ARTICLE 37 WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
21
 
 
SIGNATURE PAGE
22
 
 
EXHIBIT A WAIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY DEFENSE; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION
23
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
LNG SALES AGREEMENT
(Sales Agreement No. 100-07)
 
THIS LNG SALES AGREEMENT (this “Sales Agreement”) is entered into as of the 
17th day of October 2007 (the “Effective Date”) by and between CLEAN ENERGY
, a California corporation, hereinafter referred to as “Buyer,” and 
SPECTRUM ENERGY SERVICES, LLC, an Alaska limited liability company, 
hereafter referred to as “Seller.” Buyer and Seller are sometimes 
hereinafter referred to, individually, as “Party” and collectively, as 
“Parties.”

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Buyer is in the business of marketing liquefied natural gas and 
needs additional liquefied natural gas supplies in Arizona and California 
in order to meet customer demand;

WHEREAS, Seller is in the business of processing natural gas and developing 
plants and projects that produce liquefied natural gas;

WHEREAS, Seller is the owner of certain liquefied natural gas production 
facilities, which when installed at or near Ehrenberg, Arizona as provided 
below, will have the capacity to produce a certain amount of liquefied 
natural gas for sale to Buyer on the terms and conditions set forth in this 
Sales Agreement; and

WHEREAS, Buyer desires to purchase liquefied natural gas from Seller on the 
terms and conditions set forth in this Sales Agreement,

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and provisions herein 
contained, Buyer and Seller do mutually agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS
    1.1                                 “Adjustment Date” shall be as
    defined in Article 12.2

    1.2                                 “Allowed Power” shall be as defined
    in Article 14.

    1.3                                 “BTU” shall mean British Thermal
    Unit and shall have the meaning as defined in the American Gas
    Association Report No. 3 as revised from time to time.

    1.4                                 “Business Day” shall mean a day
    other than Saturday, Sunday or any other day when commercial banks in
    New York, New York are authorized or required to close.

    1.5                                 “Buyer’s Shut Down” shall mean any
    period during which the LNG Plant is able to produce LNG, but Buyer is
    unable or elects not to purchase and receive LNG from the LNG Plant.

    1.6                                 “Capacity,” or “Plant Capacity,” or
    “LNG Plant Capacity” shall mean the GPD that the LNG Plant can produce
    in a Day as described in Article 5.4.

    1.7                                 “Day” means a period of time from
    12:01 a.m. to Midnight.

    1.8                                 “Delivery” or “Delivered” shall
    mean the transfer of LNG from the LNG Plant into Buyer’s LNG trailers
    at the Delivery Point.

    1.9                                 “Delivery Point” shall mean the
    connection located on the discharge side of the loading hose at the
    truck loading facility at the LNG Plant.

    1.10                           “Energy Charge” shall be as defined in
    Article 14.3.

    1.11                           “Feedstock Gas” shall mean the Natural
    Gas delivered to the LNG Plant less any gas returned to the gas
    supplier.

 
    [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
    been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.

 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    1.12                           “Gallon” or “US Gallon” shall be a
    measure of LNG that weighs 3.55 pounds until as determined in Article
    8.1.

    1.13                           “Gas” or “Natural Gas” shall mean
    natural gas delivered by or for Seller to the LNG Plant.

    1.14                           “GPD” means Gallons per Day.

    1.15                           “Liquefaction Fee” shall have the
    definition set forth in Article 12.1.

    1.16                           “LNG” shall mean liquefied natural gas,
    largely made up of methane in a cryogenic liquid state.

    1.17                           “LNG Plant” or “Plant” shall mean the
    components required to produce LNG at the Plant Capacity required
    pursuant to this Sales Agreement at the LNG Plant Site.

    1.18                           “LNG Plant Site” shall mean the location
    of the LNG Plant as defined in Article 4.1.

    1.19                           “Market Risk” shall mean Buyer’s risk of
    not being able to successfully sell LNG to end users or others at all
    or at a particular price.

    1.20                           “MCF” shall mean one thousand (1,000)
    cubic feet.

    1.21                           “MMBTU” shall mean one million
    (1,000,000) British Thermal Units.

    1.22                           “MMCF” shall mean one million
    (1,000,000) cubic feet.

    1.23                           “Month” shall mean a calendar month.

    1.24                           “Monthly Liquefaction Charge” shall have
    the definition set forth in Article 12.1 below.

    1.25                           “Natural Gas Provider” shall mean the
    vendor of Natural Gas which supplies the Feedstock Gas.

    1.26                           “Sales Agreement Year” shall mean a
    period of twelve (12) consecutive Months commencing on the first day of
    the first Month following the initial delivery of LNG from Seller to
    Buyer, except that the period from the initial delivery of LNG to the
    first day of the following Month shall be included in the first Sales
    Agreement Year.

    1.27                           “Seller’s Shut Down” shall mean any
    period in excess of four (4) hours in duration during which Seller is
    unable to produce LNG at the LNG Plant.

    1.28                           “Take or Pay” shall have the definition
    set forth in Article 16.1 below.

ARTICLE 2 TERM OF SALES AGREEMENT
     2.1                                 This Sales Agreement shall be
     deemed operative and in full force and effect from and after the
     Effective Date and shall remain operative and in full force and effect
     for a primary term of ten (10) Sales Agreement Years, unless earlier
     terminated pursuant to the terms of this Sales Agreement (the “Primary
     Term”).  Upon expiration of the Primary Term, this Sales Agreement
     shall automatically renew on a year-to-year basis (each year, a
     “Renewal Term”) until terminated by either Party at the end of the
     Primary Term or any subsequent Renewal Term upon at least one hundred
     and eighty (180) days prior written notice to the other Party.  The
     Primary Term and all Renewal Terms are collectively referred to herein
     as the “Term.”

ARTICLE 3 REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS REGARDING LNG FACILITIES
     3.1                                 Seller represents and warrants
     that it is the owner of certain LNG Plant equipment. Seller agrees to
     install, maintain, and operate the LNG Plant in good safe operating
     condition, in accordance with generally accepted industry practices
     and the terms of Article 4 below.

      
     [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
     been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
     3.2                                 Buyer represents that it currently
     has LNG trailers, LNG storage facilities and marketing and
     distribution systems in place and available for the receipt,
     collection, distribution and marketing of LNG at and from the Delivery
     Point at Seller’s LNG Plant to Buyer’s customers or marketing
     distribution points (the “Buyer System”).

     3.3                                 Other representations or
     warranties are set forth elsewhere in this Sales Agreement.

ARTICLE 4 CONSTRUCTION OF FACILITIES
     4.1                                 Upon execution of this Sales
     Agreement, Seller shall commence and complete with due diligence the
     construction and installation of the LNG Plant at or within fifteen
     miles of Ehrenberg, Arizona  (the “LNG Plant Site”).

     4.2                                 Within 30 days following execution
     of this Sales Agreement, Seller shall deliver to Buyer a construction
     schedule with a start-up date for the LNG Plant of July 1, 2008 (the
     “Start-up Date”).

     4.3                                 Seller will promptly notify Buyer
     upon reaching certain milestones to be set forth in the construction
     schedule.  These milestones shall include the following:  1) Execution
     of a ground lease between Seller and the land owner; 2) Application
     for construction permits and other authorizations from governmental
     authorities required for construction and operation of the LNG Plant
     (collectively, “Permits”); 3) Receipt of construction Permits from
     governmental authorities for the LNG Plant; 4) Installation of LNG
     Plant foundations; 5) Installation of electrical power to the LNG
     Plant; 6) Setting of key LNG Plant components; 7) Installation of LNG
     storage tanks; 8) Completion of interconnecting piping; 9) Completion
     of electrical and instrumentation systems; 10) Completion of integrity
     testing; 11) Completion of Gas supply interconnecting piping with the
     Gas Supplier; 12) Functional check out of LNG Plant operation; and 13)
     Issuance of Certificate of Occupancy or the equivalent thereof
     authorizing commencement of operation of the LNG Plant.

ARTICLE 5 LNG PLANT CAPACITY AND HOURS OF OPERATION
     5.1                                 The LNG Plant will be designed to
     have and will have the Capacity to produce a minimum of 50,000 GPD.
     However, initially, the LNG Plant may produce fewer than 50,000 GPD
     due to insufficient electrical power being available from Arizona
     Public Service Co. (“APS”), the electricity provider to the LNG Plant.
      Seller will make commercially reasonable efforts to cause the LNG
     Plant to produce 50,000 GPD beginning on July 1, 2008, although it
     shall not be in default of this Sales Agreement if its failure or
     inability to do so is due to a lack of electrical power from APS.  In
     no event, however, shall the LNG Plant produce fewer than 20,000 GPD
     during the period from July 1, 2008 to June 30, 2009.

     5.2                                 On and after July 1, 2009,
     regardless of available electric power supplied by APS, the LNG Plant
     will produce a minimum of 50,000 GPD.

     5.3                                 Prior to the Start-Up Date, Seller
     will provide prompt written notice to Buyer of anticipated changes in
     Plant Capacity and keep Buyer promptly apprised of issues it is
     dealing with regarding Plant Capacity and power availability. After
     the Start Up Date of the LNG Plant, Plant Capacity will be determined
     by demonstration over a 24-hour period pursuant to the procedure
     described in Article 5.4 below. Prior to Start Up Date, Plant Capacity
     will be determined by thermodynamic modeling.

     5.4                                 Seller will arrange for a Plant
     Capacity test and provide Buyer five (5) Business Days prior written
     notice of the test to enable Buyer to be present, the first of which
     shall occur within three (3) months after Plant startup.  Subsequent
     tests can be requested by Buyer and will be performed within 10 days
     of the request.  To administer the test, Seller will operate the Plant
     in a normal mode over a seventy-two (72) hour period during which
     Plant production will be recorded every twelve (12) hours. The Plant
     Capacity will be determined by taking the average hourly production
     over the 72-hour period and multiplying the hourly average by 24.

 
     [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
     been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.

 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
                                                     Subsequent changes in
     Plant Capacity will be calculated the same way as the initial Plant
     Capacity test.

     5.5                                 Buyer and Seller shall use
     commercially reasonable efforts to regulate the Delivery in
     quantities, at times and in a manner that prevents LNG stored at the
     LNG Plant from exceeding 100,000 Gallons at any time.

     5.6                                 Seller will use commercially
     reasonable efforts to regulate its production schedule so that LNG
     produced by the LNG Plant will be available for Delivery at as much of
     a uniform rate of flow as is practicable.

     5.7                                 Subject to Seller Shut Downs, the
     LNG Plant shall be operational 24 hours per Day and Buyer may take
     Delivery at any time during the time the LNG Plant is operating.

ARTICLE 6 QUALITY OF LNG
     6.1                                 The LNG Delivered at the Delivery
     Point hereunder, shall:

        (a)                                  be free of solids, sand, salt,
        dust, gums, crude oil, and other objectionable substances which may
        be injurious to facilities and systems designed for LNG use;

        (b)                                 contain not more than one mole
        percent (1%) of ethane;

        (c)                                  contain at least ninety-seven
        mole percent (97%) of methane;

        (d)                                 contain not more than three
        mole percent (3%) of nitrogen;

        (e)                                  when delivered to the loading
        pumps, the LNG will have a saturation pressure not to exceed 15
        PSIG; and

        (f)                                    be free of odor.

ARTICLE 7 DELIVERY POINT
     7.1                                 Delivery of LNG purchased by Buyer
     hereunder from Seller shall be made at the Delivery Point.  As part of
     Seller’s obligation to construct the LNG Plant, Seller, at its cost,
     will install facilities sufficient to enable Buyer’s personnel to
     operate and pump LNG into Buyer’s LNG trailers.

ARTICLE 8 MEASUREMENT
     8.1                                 The unit of measurement for LNG
     delivered under this Sales Agreement shall be one Gallon of LNG.
     Unless otherwise stated, all quantities given herein are in terms of
     such unit. For the purposes of this Sales Agreement, each such Gallon
     shall weigh 3.55 Pounds until actual LNG produced from the Plant is
     analyzed to determine the composition and the weight of one US Gallon.
     The computations used to determine the actual weight in Pounds per
     Gallon and Gallons per MMBTU will be performed by CHI Engineering Co.
     or another third party engineering firm mutually agreed upon using Gas
     Processors and Suppliers Association (GPSA) standards.

     8.2                                 Seller shall calibrate its truck
     scale on an annual basis. If either Party, at any time, desires a
     special test of the scale, it will promptly notify the other Party,
     and the Parties will then cooperate to secure a calibration test and a
     joint observation of any adjustments, if such adjustments are
     necessary. If the scale is accurate upon calibration to within 2%, the
     Party who requested the test will pay for the calibration test. If,
     upon calibration, the scale equipment is found to be inaccurate by two
     percent (2%) or more, Seller shall pay the cost of the test and
     registrations thereof shall be corrected at the rate of such
     inaccuracy for any period which is definitely known and agreed upon,
     but in the case the period is not definitely known and agreed upon,
     then for a period extending back one half (1/2) of the time elapsed
     since the last date of

 
     [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
     been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
                                                     calibration or 3
     months whichever is shorter. The amount of inaccuracy, if over 2%,
     will be invoiced or credited to the appropriate Party within 10 days.
     Following any test, scale equipment found inaccurate shall immediately
     be restored as closely as possible to a condition of accuracy. If, for
     any reason, the scale is out of service or out of repair so that the
     amount of LNG delivered cannot be ascertained or computed from the
     reading thereof, the LNG delivered during the period such scales are
     out of service, or out of repair, shall be transported to an agreed
     upon alternative truck scale.

     8.3                                 Seller’s scale shall be of
     sufficient quality to be approved and certified by the local
     governmental agency having jurisdiction over weights and measures. 
     Seller will provide detailed information to Buyer about the scale
     prior to acquiring the scale for installation into the LNG Plant and
     provide Buyer with the option of paying Seller to upgrade the scale to
     a model preferred by Buyer that can weigh individual truck axle
     groupings as well as total truck weights.  Seller will provide Buyer
     seven (7) days to determine if it wishes to pay for such an upgrade. 
     In the event Buyer elects to pay for said upgrade, it will become the
     property of Seller.

     8.4                                 Buyer anticipates that it will be
     able to recover LNG vapors from its LNG trailers upon their arrival at
     the LNG Plant for delivery.  Buyer and Seller will cooperate in
     developing a method of transferring such vapor to the LNG Plant and
     measuring the volume of LNG derived from such vapor recovery, for
     which volume Buyer shall receive a credit against Buyer’s payments to
     Seller under Article 15.1.

ARTICLE 9 SELLER’S SHUT DOWN
     9.1                                 The LNG Plant is engineered to
     operate 345 Days per year. Seller will provide Buyer with at least one
     Month advance notice in writing of any planned Seller’s Shut Down in
     any Month.  Buyer will provide Seller with its preferred schedule for
     Delivery at the Delivery Point.  Buyer acknowledges that there will
     only be one (1) loading rack and scale at the LNG Plant and that it
     will thus not be possible to load multiple trucks simultaneously and
     agrees to take such fact into account in developing its LNG Delivery
     schedules. The Parties will cooperate to make the scheduled Seller’s
     Shut Downs coincide with times that are as convenient as practicable
     for Buyer.

     9.2                                 In the event of an unscheduled
     Seller’s Shut Down due to mechanical problems, interruption in
     electricity supply or Natural Gas supply or any Force Majeure
     condition, Seller will immediately notify Buyer of the circumstances,
     and provide sufficient details to Buyer. Seller will keep Buyer
     promptly apprised of any change in status of Seller’s Shut Down.

     9.3                                 In the event that for any reason,
     other than a Default by Buyer or Seller’s Shut Down not exceeding ten
     (10) Days, Seller is unable or unwilling to operate the LNG Plant,
     Buyer shall have the right, but not the obligation, to operate the LNG
     Plant as an independent contractor, until such time as Seller is able
     or willing, as the case may be, to operate the LNG Plant.  In such
     event, Buyer shall be entitled to reimbursement of its reasonable
     costs of operating the LNG Plant, which reimbursement shall be by way
     of offset against Buyer’s payments to Seller under Article 15.

ARTICLE 10 BUYER’S SHUT DOWN
     10.1                           In the event that Buyer, for whatever
     reason(s), other than Force Majeure, elects not to take LNG from the
     Plant or to take less than Plant Capacity for a prolonged period,
     Buyer will give as much advance written notice to Seller as reasonably
     possible under the circumstances of its intention to discontinue
     taking LNG from the Plant or to take less than Plant Capacity, and the
     anticipated duration of discontinuance or reduction.  Buyer will be
     responsible for taking away any remaining LNG product stored at the
     Plant.  Under these circumstances Buyer shall be subject to its Take
     or Pay Monthly Quantity pursuant to Article 16 below.

 
     [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
     been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.

 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 11 PRICE
     11.1                           Subject to all of the terms and
     conditions of this Sales Agreement, Buyer shall pay Seller the sum of
     (1) the Monthly Liquefaction Charge, (2) the Gas Cost of the natural
     gas purchased in accordance with Article 13, and (3) the Energy Charge
     to produce the LNG, as defined in Article 14.

ARTICLE 12 MONTHLY LIQUEFACTION CHARGE
     12.1                           The initial liquefaction fee is [***]
     per Gallon of LNG Delivered to Buyer (the “Liquefaction Fee”).  The
     “Monthly Liquefaction Charge” shall mean the Liquefaction Fee times
     the number of Gallons delivered to Buyer during a Month.

     12.2                           On January 1, 2009 and on January 1st
     of each subsequent year during the Term of this Sales Agreement (each,
     an “Adjustment Date”), the Liquefaction Fee shall be subject to an
     annual adjustment. The annual adjustment shall be equal to the
     percentage change, upward or downward, in [***] (the “Index”), during
     the one-year period ending on the applicable Adjustment Date;
     provided, however, in no event shall any such annual adjustment exceed
     [***] and in no event shall the Liquefaction Fee be less than the
     amount specified in Article 12.1. For example, the first such
     adjustment shall be effective as of January 1, 2009 based on the
     change in the Index from January 1, 2008 through January 1, 2009 as
     described above and subject to the foregoing limitations.

ARTICLE 13 GAS COST
     13.1                           Seller shall make arrangements for the
     purchase of Feedstock Gas for the Plant. Seller will propose its
     preferred method of purchasing the Feedstock Gas to Buyer including,
     without limitation, how it will be priced and any other terms
     associated with acquiring the Feedstock Gas.  Buyer will be provided
     with a thirty (30) day period within which to object to the purchase
     method and propose an alternative.  In such event, the Parties shall
     negotiate in good faith to agree upon the Feedstock Gas purchase
     method to be implemented and used by Buyer that will provide the
     quantities of Feedstock Gas needed by Seller to satisfy its
     obligations under this Sales Agreement at the lowest total cost
     practicable.  In the absence of any objection and proposed alternative
     by Buyer within such 30-day period, Seller will execute the purchase
     arrangements proposed as Seller’s preferred method and Buyer will
     reimburse Seller for the cost of purchased Feedstock Gas.  In the
     event the parties cannot agree upon the purchase method, Buyer shall
     be responsible for obtaining at its sole cost and expense Feedstock
     Gas for the LNG Plant and for delivering the same thereto in
     sufficient quantities to allow Seller to satisfy its obligations under
     this Sales Agreement in accordance with and subject to Article 13.2
     below.  Unless Buyer pays the supplier of the Feedstock Gas, the
     quantity of purchased Feedstock Gas for which Seller will be
     reimbursed will be determined by the weights from the scale readings
     used to calculate the LNG sales volume and shall exclude any Feedstock
     Gas that is lost or combusted in the LNG production process. The costs
     to be reimbursed shall include not only the cost for the volume of
     Feedstock Gas converted to LNG as described above, but also the
     transportation costs, metering and blending charges and all other
     costs associated with purchasing the Feedstock Gas and having it
     delivered to the LNG Plant (said cost of Feedstock Gas and such other
     costs collectively, the “Gas Cost”).  In the event of a Take or Pay
     situation based on a Buyer’s Shut Down, the Gas Cost will also include
     any penalty, take or pay charges, transportation charges and/or other
     fees or charges Seller has to pay for not taking the Feedstock Gas.

     13.2                           In the event Buyer wishes to make its
     own arrangements for Natural Gas deliveries to the LNG Plant and pay
     directly for this Natural Gas supply, it shall provide Seller with no
     less than sixty (60) days prior written notice of its intent to do so.
      As part of such notice, Buyer will propose to Seller its preferred
     method of purchasing the Gas, how it will be priced and delivered to
     the Plant, and any other terms associated with acquiring the Gas. 
     Seller will have a thirty (30) day period to object to the purchase
     method if it believes that the proposed arrangement will adversely
     affect its ability to perform its obligations under this Sales
     Agreement.  In such event,

 
     [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
     been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.

 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
                                                     the Parties shall
     negotiate in good faith to agree upon the Natural Gas purchase
     arrangement to be entered into by Buyer that will provide the
     quantities of Natural Gas needed by Seller to satisfy its obligations
     under this Sales Agreement.  In the absence of any objection by Seller
     within such 30-day period, Buyer shall execute the purchase
     arrangements proposed and give written notice to Seller of the date on
     which the new arrangement will be implemented so that Seller may
     cancel Seller’s existing purchase agreements.  Seller shall reimburse
     Buyer for any gas consumed in the LNG production process at a price
     not to exceed Buyer’s supply Gas Cost.  Any early termination
     penalties or other costs that Seller may incur due to its cancellation
     of gas purchase agreements or other arrangements and substitution of
     Buyer’s new arrangement will be reimbursed by Buyer within thirty (30)
     calendar days after Seller’s invoice(s) therefore. If Buyer elects to
     supply Natural Gas pursuant to this Article, Buyer will arrange for
     and pay directly for all transportation, metering and blending charges
     and other gas acquisition costs associated with said volume of Natural
     Gas, and Buyer will indemnify and hold Seller harmless from any and
     all claims, losses, liability, costs or expenses associated with the
     supply of Gas to the Plant unless attributed to the Seller or to a
     Force Majeure.  In the event of a Seller’s Shut Down, Seller will
     indemnify and hold Buyer harmless from any and all claims, losses,
     liability, costs or expenses associated with the supply of Gas to the
     Plant including any penalty, take or pay charges, transportation
     charges and/or other fees or charges Buyer has to pay for not taking
     the Natural Gas unless due to a Force Majeure event.

ARTICLE 14 ENERGY CHARGE
     14.1                           In addition to the other charges
     payable by Buyer to Seller under this Sales Agreement, Buyer shall pay
     to Seller an Energy Charge on a monthly basis.  The method used to
     calculate the amount of the Energy Charge will be identical to the
     method used by Arizona Public Service Company (APS) as if APS had
     delivered the “Allowed Power” during the subject month.

     14.2                           The Allowed Power has two components:
     (1) the quantity of power delivered measured in kilowatt hours (kwh),
     which will be calculated by multiplying the Gallons delivered in the
     subject month by [***] and (2) the monthly power demand as measured in
     kilowatts (kw), which shall be determined by multiplying [***] for the
     subject month by [***].  For the purposes of calculating the monthly
     power demand, Plant Capacity will not exceed 50,000 Gallons per day
     without Buyers prior written approval.

     14.3                           The Energy Charge will be calculated by
     multiplying each of the respective Allowed Power components, as
     calculated in accordance with Article 14.2, by the applicable rates
     for Transmission Service contained in Arizona Public Service Company’s
     (APS) Rate Schedule [***], or as amended from time to time and
     approved by the Arizona Corporation Commission or its successor, and
     the Energy Charge will also include all other adjustments,
     assessments, charges and taxes that APS is required to charge its
     customers under the Transmission Service contained in its Rate
     Schedule [***] or, as amended from time to time and approved by the
     Arizona Corporation Commission or its successor..

     14.4                           If APS changes its demand charge
     structures, then both Parties will negotiate a new Energy Charge in a
     manner that is consistent with Article 14.1.

ARTICLE 15 BILLING AND PAYMENT
     15.1                           On or before the 15th day of each
     Month, Seller shall render to Buyer an invoice showing the number of
     Gallons of LNG delivered to Buyer at the Delivery Point during the
     preceding calendar Month and the amount due to Seller according to the
     measurement, terms, conditions and price herein provided. The invoice
     will separately identify and include the number of delivered Gallons,
     Take or Pay Gallons, if any, Monthly Liquefaction Charge, Gas Cost,
     Energy Charge for the previous Month, and Conditioning Fees, if any.
     In the case of the Energy Charge, information in the invoice will
     include the current published APS rates applicable to the respective
     month.  Buyer will provide Seller with the form Buyer desires Seller
     to use in generating the invoice prior to the start up of the LNG
     Plant.

 
     [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
     been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.

 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
     15.2                           In the event Buyer supplies the Natural
     Gas to the Plant in accordance with Article 13.2, Buyer  shall invoice
     Seller for the difference between what Buyer was charged for the
     Natural Gas and the quantity of Natural Gas condensed into LNG and
     Delivered for the subject month.  Seller shall pay the invoice in
     accordance with Article 15.4.

     15.3                           Seller will install an enclosed, air
     conditioned room that will be close to the truck loading facility so
     that Buyer can install point of sale systems that will produce a bill
     of lading for each load of LNG Delivered.  Seller will provide scale
     weight indicators and data so Buyer may interface it with Buyer’s
     systems.  Seller will provide composition of the LNG to be loaded so
     Buyer’s system can also utilize this data.  Seller shall provide Buyer
     with loading controls such that Buyer’s system will have to authorize
     any and all Deliveries.  Buyer’s system will produce a duplicate bill
     of lading for each Delivery that will be kept by Seller at the LNG
     Plant for a period of 24 months.

     15.4                           All invoices will be paid within thirty
     (30) calendar days of the invoice date by electronic funds transfer to
     invoicing Party’s bank account the amount as shown on the above
     mentioned invoice. In the event either Party disputes any portion of
     the amount on the invoice, said Party shall pay those amounts not in
     dispute and notify the other Party in writing of the details
     associated with the disputed amount no later than fifteen (15) days
     after the invoice date.

     15.5                           In the event an error is discovered in
     the amount shown to be due in any invoice such error shall be adjusted
     without interest or penalty as soon as reasonably possible; provided,
     however, any invoice shall be final as to both Parties unless written
     notice of an error in such invoice is given by a Party to the other
     Party within one (1) year after payment therefore has been made. Such
     notice shall be effective when received by the Party to which such
     notice is sent.

     15.6                           In the event a Party fails to pay all
     of the amount of any invoice, as set forth in Articles 15.1, 15.2, and
     15.4 above, upon written notice from the invoicing Party to the other
     Party, the other Party shall have ten (10) days to cure the Default
     condition.  Upon the other Party’s failure to cure the Default
     condition, the invoicing Party shall have the right to (a) require
     payment in advance of each Delivery, or (b) withhold and set off
     payment of any amounts of monies due or owing by Seller to Buyer,
     whether in conjunction with this Sales Agreement or otherwise, against
     any and all amounts due or owing by Buyer to Seller under this Sales
     Agreement, or (c) suspend or discontinue services until such amount is
     paid, or (d) terminate this Sales Agreement. In addition, in the event
     an invoice is not paid within the time set forth in Article 15.4, the
     undisputed invoice balance will accrue a late fee of one percent (1%)
     of the undisputed balance for each month payment is late. The exercise
     by the invoicing Party of any of these options shall not preclude the
     invoicing Party from pursuing any other available remedy in equity or
     at law. The prevailing Party shall be entitled to claim recovery
     pursuant to Article 33.2.

     15.7                           Seller and Buyer shall each preserve
     all records pertaining to this Sales Agreement, including all test and
     measurement data and charts, and all test equipment calibration
     records for a period of at least two (2) years, or longer as shall be
     required under law or regulation.  Each Party, or its designated
     representative shall have access to the books and records of the other
     Party upon reasonable notice during regular business hours to the
     extent such records are applicable to the quality, measurement,
     billing, pricing and quantities of LNG delivered hereunder.

ARTICLE 16 TAKE OR PAY
     16.1                           It is recognized that (a) Seller is
     making a considerable financial investment in the capital cost of the
     LNG Plant and a financial return is required and Seller is relying
     solely on Buyer’s commitments and obligations under this Sales
     Agreement for such return and that Seller is granting an exclusive
     marketing arrangement to Buyer pursuant to this Sales Agreement; (b)

 
     [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
     been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.

 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 

      

                                                     Seller would not
     undertake the cost of building the LNG Plant were it not for Buyer’s
     agreement as set forth herein to agree to purchase the entire Plant
     Capacity.  Therefore, Buyer agrees to pay Seller for the Take or Pay
     Monthly Quantity regardless of Buyer’s ability to take Delivery of the
     Take or Pay Monthly Quantity of LNG and thus, the Market Risk is fully
     assumed by Buyer by its execution of this Sales Agreement.  In the
     event Buyer for any reason, other than Force Majeure, fails to take
     delivery of the Take or Pay Monthly Quantity of LNG from Seller, where
     the Plant Capacity was available to be taken, Buyer will pay Seller an
     amount equal to (1) the Liquefaction Fee multiplied by the Take or Pay
     Monthly Quantity, (2) the actual demand charge and other fixed,
     monthly charges from APS, and (3) any unavoidable Gas Costs related to
     the shortfall of LNG gallons taken below the Take or Pay Monthly
     Quantity.  Buyer agrees that the Take or Pay Monthly Quantity for each
     Month shall be equal to the number of days in such Month multiplied by
     45,000 GPD (the “Take or Pay Monthly Quantity”).  By way of example,
     if a particular Month contains thirty (30) days, the Take or Pay
     Monthly Quantity for such Month would be (30 days X 45,000 GPD) or
     1,350,000 Gallons.  Take or Pay shall apply when the LNG Plant is not
     experiencing a Seller’s Shut Down, and the Plant Capacity is available
     to produce LNG and Buyer does not take Delivery of its Take or Pay
     Monthly Quantity for reasons other than a Force Majeure, Buyer must
     pay Seller as if Buyer had taken Delivery of the Take or Pay Monthly
     Quantity of LNG, subject to the provisions of this Article 16.

     16.2                           Notwithstanding Article 16.1 above, at
     times when the quality of LNG delivered by Seller does not meet the
     specifications set forth in Article 6, Buyer shall only be required to
     purchase and take delivery of fifty percent (50%) of the Take or Pay
     Monthly Quantity during such period, but in no case shall Buyer be
     required to take Delivery of LNG that is less than 92 mole percent
     methane and not more than 4 mole percent ethane but otherwise meets
     the specifications listed in Article 6.  In such event, Seller shall
     have the right to sell the quantities of the off specification LNG not
     purchased by Buyer to others. Buyer agrees to use its commercially
     reasonable efforts to market all of the Plant Capacity during such
     upset periods and Seller agrees to use  commercially reasonable
     efforts to resolve the composition issue and deliver LNG meeting the
     specifications set forth in Article 6.1 as soon as practicable.  Both
     Parties recognize that the composition of the Feedstock Gas might vary
     from time to time and there is a remote chance that the Feedstock Gas
     may be too ethane rich for the Plant to remove it to less than the one
     mole percent (1%) level.

     16.3                           Notwithstanding Article 16.1 above, in
     the event of a Seller’s Shut Down, Buyer is relieved from any Take or
     Pay liability during the actual period of the Seller’s Shut Down or a
     Force Majeure event and during the first twenty-four (24) hours after
     the LNG Plant is restarted.

     16.4                           In the event that the Plant Capacity is
     less than 50,000 GPD as determined in accordance with Article 5.4 or
     as agreed to by the Parties, the Take or Pay Quantity of 45,000 GPD in
     Article 16.1 will be reduced on a pro rata basis.

ARTICLE 17 EXCLUSIVITY
     17.1                           Seller is constructing the LNG Plant
     for the purpose of dedicating to Buyer all of the Plant’s Capacity for
     the term of the Sales Agreement and, subject to exceptions set forth
     in this Sales Agreement, that it will sell all LNG produced at the
     Plant to Buyer pursuant and subject to the terms and conditions of
     this Sales Agreement. Buyer agrees to purchase all of the Plant’s LNG
     production, not to exceed 45,000 GPD. As such, it is agreed that no
     LNG will be marketed from this Plant to other parties without the
     express written permission of Buyer, except as otherwise provided in
     this Sales Agreement and unless Buyer is in Default. In the event of a
     Default, as defined in Article 18, by Buyer, Seller shall use
     commercially reasonable efforts to sell LNG to others.

     17.2                           Upon execution of this Sales Agreement,
     Seller will advise other entities with which it has communicated
     within the ninety (90) days preceding the Effective Date regarding the
     sale of LNG by the LNG Plant, that Seller has entered into an
     exclusive arrangement for the sale of

      
     [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
     been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.
      
 

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

                                                     LNG to Buyer and at
     Buyer’s option, will advise those entities of Buyer’s identity so they
     may contact Buyer if interested in purchasing LNG. Except as otherwise
     permitted pursuant to the terms of this Sales Agreement, Seller will
     make no further marketing efforts other than during the 180 day period
     prior to the expiration of this Sales Agreement, in the event notice
     is given by either Party not to extend the term of this Sales
     Agreement as provided in Article 2.1 above.

ARTICLE 18 DEFAULT
     18.1                           Seller’s rights upon a payment default
     by Buyer are set forth in Article 15 above.  Subject to Article 15 and
     notwithstanding any other provision herein, a Party to this Sales
     Agreement (the “Defaulting Party”) shall be in default of this Sales
     Agreement if the Defaulting Party shall (a) default in the payment or
     performance of any material obligation to the Party not in default
     (the “Non-defaulting Party”) under this Sales Agreement, and such
     default shall continue for thirty (30) days after notice of such
     default from the Non-defaulting Party to the Defaulting Party (or such
     longer period if such default cannot be cured within such 30-day
     period provided that the Defaulting Party promptly commences curing
     within such 30-day period and thereafter pursues the same with due
     diligence until completion); (b) file a petition or otherwise commence
     or authorize the commencement of a proceeding or case under any
     bankruptcy, reorganization, or similar law for the protection of
     creditors or have any such petition filed or proceeding commenced
     against it; (c) otherwise become bankrupt or insolvent (however
     evidenced); (d) be unable to pay its debts as they fall due by
     acceleration or otherwise; or (e) fails to give adequate security for,
     or assurance of, its ability to perform its obligations hereunder
     within ten (10) days of a reasonable request therefore from the
     Non-defaulting Party (each a “Default”).

     18.2                           Upon the occurrence of a Default
     described above, and for so long as such Default is continuing, the
     Non-defaulting Party shall, in addition to all other rights and
     remedies available to the Non-defaulting Party set forth elsewhere in
     this Sales Agreement, shall have the right to exercise any and all
     rights and remedies available under applicable law.

     18.3                           This Article 18 shall be without
     prejudice and in addition to any right of termination, setoff,
     combination of accounts, lien, or other right to which  the
     Non-defaulting Party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by
     operation of law, contract, or otherwise).

ARTICLE 19 LAWS
     19.1                           This Sales Agreement shall be subject
     to, and each Party shall perform its obligations hereunder in
     compliance with, all valid and applicable laws, orders, rules and
     regulations made by duly constituted governmental authorities. The
     interpretation and performance of this Sales Agreement shall be
     governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
     Texas, excluding any conflict of law principles which may apply to the
     laws of another jurisdiction.

ARTICLE 20 LIABILITY AND WARRANTIES
     20.1                           Buyer’s Liability for Possession and
     Control of LNG. As between Buyer and Seller hereto, Buyer shall be
     deemed to have title to and be in control and possession of all LNG
     delivered by Seller under this Sales Agreement upon Delivery thereof
     by Seller to Buyer at the Delivery Point.  From and after such
     delivery at the Delivery Point, Buyer will be fully responsible and
     liable for any and all LNG loss, damages, injuries, claims, actions,
     expenses and liabilities, including reasonable attorney’s fees caused
     or resulting from Buyer’s handling, transportation and sale of LNG
     following Delivery and Buyer shall release, indemnify, defend and hold
     Seller harmless from and against any and all claims, suits, judgments,
     damages, losses, liability and expenses on account of the foregoing
     matters for which Buyer is responsible.

     20.2                           Seller’s Liability for possession and
     Control of Natural Gas and/or LNG. As between Seller and Buyer hereto,
     Seller shall have title and/or custody to and be in control and
     possession of any Natural Gas and/or LNG from and after the time such
     Natural Gas is received at the Plant and until the LNG is Delivered to
     Buyer at the Delivery Point.  Until Delivery at the Delivery Point,
     Seller will be fully responsible and liable for any and all Natural
     Gas and/or LNG loss, damages,

      
     [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
     been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.
      
 

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

                                                     injuries, claims,
     actions, expenses and liabilities, including reasonable attorney’s
     fees caused by or resulting from the Natural Gas or LNG and Seller
     shall release, indemnify, defend and hold Buyer harmless from and
     against any and all claims, suits, judgments, damages, losses,
     liability and expenses on account of the foregoing matters for which
     Seller is responsible.

     20.3                           Notwithstanding the foregoing
     provisions of this Article 20, neither Party shall be required to
     indemnify the other Party for the other Party’s own negligence.

     20.4                           Limitation of Liability. Except when
     necessary to provide indemnity against a third party claim pursuant to
     an indemnification obligation of a Party under this Sales Agreement
     and subject to the Take or Pay obligations set forth in Article 16,
     neither Party shall be liable to the other for incidental
     consequential, special, direct, punitive, or exemplary damages.

     20.5                           Warranty of Title. Seller warrants that
     it will, at the time of Delivery of LNG hereunder, deliver said LNG
     free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, and claims whatsoever,
     except for Seller’s rights to receive payment therefore pursuant to
     this Sales Agreement and except to the extent caused by Buyer’s
     purchases of Natural Gas for the Plant pursuant to the terms of this
     Sales Agreement. Except as set forth in this Article, Seller shall
     indemnify, save, and hold Buyer, its subsidiaries and/or affiliates,
     and their directors, officers, employees, and agents, free and
     harmless from all suits, actions, debts, accounts, damages, costs,
     losses, and expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, arising
     from or out of a breach of the warranty contained in this Article
     20.5.

     20.6                           Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT AS
     SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN THIS SALES AGREEMENT, SELLER MAKES
     ABSOLUTELY NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
     LIMITATION, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY AND OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
     PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE LNG PLANT OR LNG PRODUCED AND SOLD
     PURSUANT TO THIS SALES AGREEMENT OR AS TO ANY OTHER MATTER, ALL OF
     WHICH ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL SELLER, ITS
     OFFICERS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, PRINCIPALS, PARENT OR AFFILIATE BE LIABLE
     FOR ANY DAMAGE TO ANY EQUIPMENT WHICH SHALL BE OPERATED USING THE LNG
     PROVIDED HEREUNDER. THE LIABILITY OF SELLER FOR ANY BREACH OF THIS
     ARTICLE 20.6 SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE REPLACEMENT VALUE OF ANY LNG AND
     SUCH REASONABLE AND CUSTOMARY TRUCK TRANSPORT COSTS, AS MAY BE
     INVOLVED IN A DISPUTE.  IN NO INSTANCE SHALL SELLERS UNINSURED
     LIABILITY FOR THE TOTAL OF ALL SUCH AMOUNTS EXCEED $25,000.00 PER
     DELIVERY. THE PARTIES SHALL ENDEAVOR TO MITIGATE DAMAGES HEREUNDER.

     20.7                           Buyer’s Knowledge of Product,
     Odorization, and Indemnity. BUYER HEREBY EXPRESSLY REPRESENTS THAT
     BUYER IS FAMILIAR WITH THE PROPERTIES OF LNG AND NATURAL GAS, AND
     BUYER AGREES TO INFORM BUYER’S CUSTOMERS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, AND/OR
     PURCHASER(S) OF THE SAME. THE LNG PROVIDED HEREUNDER WILL NOT BE
     STENCHED AND/OR ODORIZED BY SELLER AND BUYER CERTIFIES, REPRESENTS AND
     WARRANTS THAT ODORIZATION IS NOT REQUIRED FOR DELIVERY OF LNG TO BUYER
     UNDER THIS SALES AGREEMENT. BUYER SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ODORlZlNG
     THE LNG AFTER DELIVERY IN ORDER TO COMPLY WITH ANY ODOR STANDARDS
     CONTAINED IN APPLICABLE REGULATIONS, RULES OR LAW . AS SET FORTH
     ABOVE, BUYER SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE IN EXCLUSIVE POSSESSION AND CONTROL
     OF THE LNG ONCE BUYER HAS TAKEN DELIVERY AND BUYER ASSUMES ALL
     RESPONSIBILITY FOR SAFE HANDLING OF THE LNG PROVIDED HEREUNDER FROM
     THE TIME OF SAID DELIVERY. BUYER SHALL FULLY PROTECT, INDEMNIFY, AND
     DEFEND SELLER, AND ITS OFFICERS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, PRINCIPALS,
     INSURERS AND PARENT, AND HOLD IT HARMLESS FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS,
     LOSSES, DAMAGES, DEMANDS, SUITS, CAUSES OF ACTION AND LIABILITIES

      
     [***]      Confidential portions of this document have been redacted
     and filed separately with the Commission.

 
 

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

                                                     (INCLUDING ALL
     REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES AND EXPENSES) INCURRED BY OR IMPOSED UPON
     ARISING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FROM BUYER’S FAILURE TO PROPERLY
     ODORIZE AND/OR TO EITHER MONITOR OR MAINTAIN ODORIZATION AT OR ABOVE
     APPLICABLE ODOR STANDARDS OR SO NOTIFY BUYER’S CUSTOMERS, AGENTS,
     AND/OR EMPLOYEES.

     20.8                           Mutual Indemnity for Negligence or
     Willful Misconduct.  Each Party (the “Indemnifying Party”) shall
     release, indemnify, defend and hold the other Party and such other
     Party’s affiliates, parents and subsidiaries and their respective
     shareholders or other equity owners, directors, managers, officers,
     employees and agents harmless from and against any and all claims,
     suits, judgments, damages, losses, liability and expenses arising out
     of or resulting from the negligence or willful misconduct of the
     Indemnifying Party or the Indemnifying Parties employees, contractors,
     agents or invitees.

ARTICLE 21 TAXES
     21.1                           None of the fees or charges set forth
     and described in this Sales Agreement shall be deemed to include any
     tax. Buyer shall bear sole responsibility and liability for payment of
     any taxes associated with the purchase, transportation, use, sale or
     resale of LNG. If Seller is required to pay any tax (other than income
     tax, property tax, or normal enterprise taxes), Buyer shall promptly
     reimburse Seller for same upon Seller’s demand, in addition to the
     other fees and charges provided for in this Sales Agreement. Where
     applicable, Seller agrees to take receipt of such tax and process same
     with the appropriate tax authority. Buyer shall be required to provide
     Seller with proof, satisfactory to the appropriate tax authority, of
     any and all tax exemptions Buyer may claim, Buyer shall provide Seller
     with all records and information, satisfactory to the appropriate tax
     authority, regarding Buyer’s disposition of all LNG delivered
     hereunder. [***].

ARTICLE 22 FORCE MAJEURE
     22.1                           Neither Seller nor Buyer shall be
     liable to the other for failure, whether in whole or in part to
     perform or comply with any obligation or condition of this Sales
     Agreement caused by an event of force majeure which, for purposes of
     this Sales Agreement shall include, without limitation blockades;
     embargoes; insurrections; riots; epidemics; flood; washouts;
     landslides; mudslides; earthquakes; extreme cold or freezing weather;
     lightning, civil disturbances; failure to prevent or settle any
     strike; fire; explosions; breakdown or failure or accident to
     machinery, method of transport or line of pipe, or the order of any
     court or governmental authority having jurisdiction, war; acts of the
     public enemy; terrorism; espionage; nuclear disaster; act of God;
     fire; severe weather; earthquakes; floods; material shortage or
     unavailability at reasonable cost not resulting from the failing
     Party’s failure to timely place orders or take other necessary actions
     therefore; inability or delay in obtaining governmental permits;
     government codes, ordinances, laws, rules, regulations, or
     restrictions; or any other cause, whether similar or dissimilar to
     those above mentioned (excluding, however, any obligation to make
     payments of monies due hereunder), which is beyond the reasonable
     control of the Party claiming relief under this provision and which by
     the exercise of due diligence such Party is unable to prevent or
     overcome (each, a “Force Majeure Event”). The settlement of strikes
     and lockouts shall be entirely within the discretion of the Party
     experiencing the same.

     22.2                           Force Majeure Events shall not relieve
     a party of liability to the extent such causes are the result of the
     negligence of such Party or in the event of its failure to use all
     commercially reasonable efforts to remedy the situation, nor shall
     such causes or contingencies affecting such performance relieve either
     Party from its obligations to make payments of amounts then due in
     respect of Feedstock Gas and/or LNG already delivered. For the
     avoidance of doubt, should Seller’s provision of services or supply of
     LNG depend in whole or in part upon production from a Plant which is
     damaged or destroyed, Seller shall not be obliged to repair or rebuild
     such Plant in order to fulfill the terms of this Sales Agreement.

      
     [***]      Confidential portions of this document have been redacted
     and filed separately with the Commission.

 

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     22.3                           A Party claiming relief under this
     Article 22 shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of the
     event preventing its performance stating facts supporting such claim
     of inability to perform.  Thereupon, the obligation to deliver or
     receive the quantities so affected shall be suspended during the
     continuation of an inability so caused, but for no longer period, this
     Sales Agreement shall otherwise remain unaffected.

ARTICLE 23 ASSIGNMENT
     23.1                           Either Party may assign or otherwise
     convey any of its rights, titles, or interests under this Sales
     Agreement to an affiliate of such party or joint venture in which the
     assigning Party owns a 100% equity interest, without prior approval,
     but with notice to the other Party; provided that no such assignment
     shall relieve the assigning Party of its obligations under this Sales
     Agreement. Either Party may assign or otherwise convey any of its
     rights, titles or interests to any third party provided it has
     obtained the prior written consent of the other Party hereto, which
     consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed,
     however, Buyer may unreasonably withhold approval of any sale or
     transfer to any person or business previously or currently in the
     natural gas vehicle industry.  No assignment of this Sales Agreement
     by Buyer shall release Buyer or any guarantor from liability under
     this Sales Agreement unless the assignee’s and any replacement
     guarantor possess creditworthiness acceptable to Seller, as determined
     in Seller’s sole and absolute discretion.  Notwithstanding the
     foregoing, the obligations set forth in Article 29 shall run with the
     LNG Plant and the land upon which it is situated and be the obligation
     of the party owning the LNG Plant.

     23.2                           Notwithstanding the provisions of
     Article 23.1, any assignment to a tribe of American indians or any
     affiliate thereof, shall be subject to and conditioned upon the
     receipt by Buyer of a waiver of sovereign immunity substantially in
     the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

ARTICLE 24 SEVERABILITY
     24.1                           Should any section, paragraph,
     subparagraph, or other portion of this Sales Agreement be found
     invalid or be required to be modified by a court or government agency
     having jurisdiction, then only that portion of this Sales Agreement
     shall be invalid or modified.

                                                     The remainder of this
     Sales Agreement which is still valid and unaffected shall remain in
     force. If the absence of the part that is held to be invalid, illegal,
     or unenforceable, or modification of the part to be modified,
     substantially deprives a Party of the economic benefit of this Sales
     Agreement, the Parties shall negotiate reasonable and valid provisions
     to restore the economic benefit to the Party deprived or to balance
     the Parties’ obligations consistent with the intent reflected in this
     Sales Agreement. If the Parties are unable to do so, either Party may
     terminate this Sales Agreement by giving the other Party notice of
     termination not later than sixty (60) days after the effective date of
     the order, rule, or regulation so affecting this Sales Agreement.
     Seller shall also have the right to terminate this Sales Agreement as
     provided above in the event either the services performed by Seller,
     or facilities utilized by Seller become subject to regulation which
     substantially deprives Seller of the economic benefit of this Sales
     Agreement.

ARTICLE 25 NOTICES
     25.1                           Any notice, request, demand, statement,
     invoice or payment provided for in this Sales Agreement or any notice
     which a Party may desire to give to the other shall be in writing and
     shall be, except as otherwise specifically set forth herein,
     considered as duly delivered (i) as of the date of transmittal if sent
     by email to the other Party’s email address as set forth below and 
     mailed by certified mail return receipt required (postage prepaid) to
     the other Party’s address as set forth below, (ii) telecopied (with
     answer-back confirmation of receipt to the other Party’s fax address
     as set forth below), or (iii) courier expressed to the other Party at
     the address set forth below:

      
     [***]      Confidential portions of this document have been redacted
     and filed separately with the Commission.

 

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      

        NOTICES TO BUYER:

        CLEAN ENERGY
        3020 Old Ranch Parkway, Suite  200
        Seal Beach, CA 90740
        Attention:   Chief Operating Officer and
                             Chief Financial Officer
        Telephone: 562-493-2804
        Fax: 562-546-0097
        Email: mpratt@cleanenergyfuels.com and
        rwheeler@cleanenergyfuels.com

        NOTICES TO SELLER:

        SPECTRUM ENERGY SERVICES, LLC
        8505 South Elwood Avenue, Building #123
        Tulsa, OK 74132
        Attention:   President-Managing Member
        Telephone: 918-298-6660
        Fax: 918-298-6662
        Email: ray@latchem.com

        PAYMENTS AND STATEMENTS TO SELLER:

        SPECTRUM ENERGY SERVICES, LLC
        8505 South Elwood Avenue, Building #123
        Tulsa, OK 74132
        Attention:   President-Managing Member
        Telephone: 918-298-6660
        Fax: 918-298-6662
        Email: ray@latchem.com

     25.2                           Either Party may change any of its
     addresses shown above by notifying the other Party, in accordance with
     the notice provisions above, of such change.

ARTICLE 26 MODIFICATIONS AND AMENDMENTS
     26.1                           Any change, modification, amendment or
     alteration of this Sales Agreement shall be in writing, signed by the
     Parties hereto, and no course of dealing between the Parties shall be
     construed to alter the terms hereof, except as expressly stated
     herein.

ARTICLE 27 CONFIDENTIALITY
     27.1                           The Parties understand and agree that
     the terms and conditions of this Sales Agreement, all documents
     referenced herein or exchanged between the Parties and all
     communications between the Parties regarding this Sales Agreement are
     considered as being confidential or proprietary (collectively,
     “Confidential Information”) as between the Parties, and shall not,
     without the other Party’s prior written consent, be disclosed to any
     third party, corporation or entity, except  (i) to Affiliates, legal,
     accounting and other professional advisors, provided that such Party
     shall be liable under this Article for any such Affiliate’s or any
     such legal, accounting or other professional advisor’s failure to
     comply with the terms hereof; (ii) as may be required by governmental
     authority or court; (iii) as may be necessary to enforce the terms of
     this Sales Agreement, as provided below.  As a condition of its
     consent to disclosure of Confidential Information by the other Party
     as required above, a Party may require redaction of portions of this
     Sales Agreement or other document containing Confidential Information.
      Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein contained shall prevent
     a Party or its parent or other Affiliate from complying with state and
     federal securities laws, including without limitation, the filing of
     this

      
     [***]      Confidential portions of this document have been redacted
     and filed separately with the Commission.

 
 
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

                                                     Sales Agreement as an
     exhibit to a filing by the parent of Buyer with the Securities and
     Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

     27.2                           Information will not be deemed
     Confidential Information if it (i) is or becomes publicly available
     other than through the actions of the receiving Party; (ii) was
     previously known to or is independently developed by the receiving
     Party free of any obligation to keep it confidential; or (iii) was
     previously disclosed or becomes available to the receiving Party
     without restriction from a third party whose disclosure did not or
     does not violate any confidentiality obligation.  Seller acknowledges
     that Buyer owns and operates a plant that produces liquefied natural
     gas and is familiar with all aspects of the production of LNG.  A
     Party shall be excused from these nondisclosure provisions if the
     disclosure is required by law, rule, regulations or governmental
     authority or to the extent required for a Party to undertake or defend
     an action brought by one Party in court to enforce the terms of this
     Sales Agreement against the other Party.  In the event that a Party is
     requested or required by law, rule, regulation or governmental
     authority or court to disclose any Confidential Information of the
     other Party, it is agreed that it shall provide the other Party prompt
     notice of such request so that an appropriate protective order may be
     sought by the affected Party. It is understood that the Party
     requesting a protective order shall bear all costs related thereto.

     27.3                           Each Party shall have the right to
     review and approve any publicity material, press releases or other
     public statements by the other that refer to such Party or that
     describe any aspect of this Sales Agreement.  Each Party agrees not to
     issue any such publicity materials, press releases, or public
     statements without the prior written approval of the other party,
     unless the information has already been made public by the other
     party, except as is required by the Party or its parent or other
     Affiliate to comply with federal or state securities laws.  Neither
     Party shall publish or use any advertising, sales promotions or other
     publicity materials that use the other Party’s logo, trademarks or
     service marks without the prior written approval of the other Party,
     which may be withheld in a Party’s sole discretion.

ARTICLE 28 WAIVER
     28.1                           The failure of Seller or Buyer at any
     time to require performance by the other Party of any provision hereof
     shall in no way affect the right of either Party to require any
     performance which may be due thereafter pursuant to such provision,
     nor shall the waiver by Buyer or Seller of any breach of any provision
     hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of any subsequent breach of
     such provision.

ARTICLE 29 MISCELLANEOUS
     29.1                           Conditioning Fee. Buyer shall pay
     Seller a conditioning fee to take Delivery with a Warm Trailer. Such
     fee shall be equal to [***] per Delivery into a Warm Trailer (the
     “Conditioning Fee”).  As used herein, “Warm Trailer” means an LNG
     trailer that is warmer than minus 230 degrees Fahrenheit (-230°F).

     29.2                           Delivery into a Warm Trailer. Buyer
     shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to bring each LNG
     trailer to the Delivery Point with the temperature inside its LNG
     storage tank(s) not greater than -230 degrees F.  When Buyer desires
     to take Delivery of LNG with a Warm Trailer, Buyer shall contact
     Seller to agree on a date and time when Buyer shall take such
     Delivery. In the event that Buyer arrives at the Delivery Point to
     take Delivery of LNG with a Warm Trailer without Seller having agreed
     on a date and time for such Delivery, Seller will arrange Delivery as
     soon as Seller determines that it can accommodate such Delivery.
     Seller shall require Buyer to pay Seller the Conditioning Fee set
     forth in this Sales Agreement to take Delivery with a Warm Trailer.
     Seller shall not be liable for any damage that may occur as a result
     of the Delivery of LNG into a Warm Trailer.

     29.3                           Personal Protective Equipment. Buyer
     shall ensure that, prior to taking Delivery, all truck operator(s)
     shall have been provided appropriate personal protective equipment,
     including, but

      
     [***]      Confidential portions of this document have been redacted
     and filed separately with the Commission.

 

16

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

                                                     not limited to, flame
     retardant clothing fully covering the arms, legs and torso, sturdy
     leather work shoes (not athletic type), apron, hard hat, gloves,
     splash-proof safety goggles, and facial shield. Buyer shall ensure
     that, while inside the Plant, including the Delivery point area, the
     truck operator(s) shall at all times, wear such personal protective
     equipment and comply with Seller’s Plant safety requirements. While
     Seller reserves the right to deny Delivery to any person observed not
     using all appropriate personal protective equipment, Seller has no
     obligation to observe or ensure that all appropriate personal
     protective equipment is used.

     29.4                           Training. Buyer shall ensure that all
     truck operator(s) have received instruction in Seller’s truck loading
     procedures prior to taking Delivery of LNG at Plant. Buyer shall
     provide no less than one (1) Business Day notice of the arrival of any
     truck operator(s) that shall require such instruction. Plant personnel
     shall endeavor to provide instruction in a timely manner upon arrival
     of the truck. Buyer will cause training to be provided to the truck
     operator(s) regarding the hazards of handling LNG and the precautions
     to take to safely load LNG. Buyer shall ensure that while inside the
     Plant, including the LNG Delivery Point area, the truck operator(s)
     shall at all times act in compliance with such training and
     precautions. While Seller reserves the right to deny Delivery to any
     person not using the truck loading facilities in the proper manner,
     Seller has no obligation to observe that the truck loading facilities
     are being used in the proper manner.  Seller acknowledges that Buyer
     may engage an independent truck operator to haul Buyer’s LNG trailers.
      Seller shall provide training to its employees and independent
     contractors in the proper operation and maintenance of an LNG plant.

     29.5                           Insurance. Buyer and Seller shall
     maintain in force and effect throughout the term of this Sales
     Agreement, insurance coverage of the types and in the amounts set
     forth below, which may be under blanket policies, with insurance
     companies reasonably acceptable to either Party whose acceptance shall
     not be unreasonably withheld. If either Party violates this provision,
     the other Party may, at its option and without prejudice to its other
     legal rights, terminate this Sales Agreement upon reasonable notice. 
     The limits set forth below are minimum limits and shall not be
     construed to limit either Party’s liability. All costs and deductible
     amounts will be for the sole account of each Party for maintaining its
     own coverage.

        Worker’s Compensation Insurance, complying with the laws of any
        state having jurisdiction over each employee, and employer’s
        liability insurance with limits of $1,000,000 for each accident,
        $1,000,000 for each disease for each employee, and a $1,000,000
        disease policy limit.

        Commercial or comprehensive general liability insurance on an
        occurrence form with a combined single limit of $1,000,000 for each
        occurrence, and annual aggregates of $1,000,000 for bodily injury
        and property damage, including coverage for blanket contractual
        liability, broad form property damage, personal injury liability,
        independent contractors, products/completed operations, and the
        explosion exclusion shall be deleted.

        Automobile liability insurance with a combined single limit of
        $1,000,000 for each accident for bodily injury and property damage,
        to include coverage for all owned, non-owned, and hired vehicles.

        Excess or umbrella liability insurance with a combined single limit
        of $1,000,000 for each occurrence, and annual aggregates of
        $1,000,000 for bodily injury and property damage covering the
        excess of employer’s liability insurance and the insurance set
        forth above.

     29.5.1                  In each of the policies described above, each
     Party agrees to waive, and will require each of its insurers to waive,
     any rights of subrogation or recovery it may have against the other
     Party, their parents, subsidiaries, or affiliated companies to the
     extent of the indemnity obligations. Each Party shall name the other
     Party as an additional insured under the policies described above to
     the extent of the indemnity obligations.

     [***]      Confidential portions of this document have been redacted
     and filed separately with the Commission.

 

17

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

     29.5.2                  The policies described above will include the
     following amendment. “This insurance is primary insurance with respect
     to Seller, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and any
     other insurance maintained by Seller, its parents, subsidiaries, or
     affiliated companies is excess and not contributory with this
     insurance,” but only to the extent of liabilities of Buyer not
     otherwise indemnified under this Sales Agreement and for any
     indemnities assumed by Buyer under this Sales Agreement.

     29.5.3                  Non-renewal or cancellation of policies
     described above shall be effective only after the other Party shall
     have received thirty (30) days prior written notice of such
     non-renewal or cancellation. Prior to the creation of any obligation
     on the part of Seller to Deliver any LNG hereunder, Buyer shall
     provide Seller, and Seller shall provide Buyer, with certificates of
     insurance on an Accord 25 or 25S form evidencing the existence of the
     insurance coverage required.

     29.5.4                  Buyer may self-insure for any of the coverage
     requested herein provided Buyer has an investment grade credit rating.
     In the event of self-insurance, the following conditions shall apply:
     (1) Such self-insurance program shall provide levels of coverage that
     are equivalent to or greater than the amounts required by this Article
     either by itself or in combination with any insurance policies that
     might be purchased; (2) Coverage provided by such self-insurance shall
     be as broad as the most current ISO forms(s) issued for like or same
     coverage; (3) Buyer can provide reasonable proof that it has made
     adequate financial arrangements to fund such self-insurance program;
     (4) Such self-insurance is permitted by any applicable law; and (5)
     Such self-insurance shall comply with all the “additional insured” and
     “waiver of subrogation or recovery” terms and conditions in this
     Article as if insurance policies had been issued.

     29.6                           Right of First Refusal.  Before the
     Start-up Date, Seller may assign all rights and obligations of this
     Sales Agreement to a newly created company (“NEWCO”) which will be
     created to own and manage the LNG Plant and Seller shall own 100% of
     NEWCO.  This assignment will be permitted and is not subject to a
     Right of First Refusal (“ROFR”) described in this Article 29.6,
     provided that in such event, NEWCO shall be subject to the ROFR
     described in this Article 29.6, and all other obligations of Seller
     under this Sales Agreement.  In the event Seller or NEWCO wishes to
     transfer ownership or partial ownership in the Plant or an equity
     interest in NEWCO or Seller, or the ultimate parent of Seller, if any,
     such transaction will be subject to the ROFR.  A sale by one partner
     of Seller or NEWCO of part or all of its ownership interest in Seller
     or NEWCO to another partner(s) of Seller or NEWCO shall not be subject
     to the ROFR described below.

     29.6.1                  Subject to the immediately preceding
     paragraph, in the event that Seller seeks to transfer all or part of
     its interest in the LNG Plant, whether such transfer is structured as
     an asset sale or a sale of a controlling equity interest in Seller
     (whether such sale is a single sale or a series of transfers), Seller
     shall include with the transfer notice delivered in accordance with
     Article 25 a written right of first refusal notice (a “ROFR Notice”). 
     Each ROFR Notice shall set forth the proposed transferee’s name and
     shall include a summary of the terms of the proposed transfer,
     including without limitation, the purchase price and method of
     payment, and shall have attached to it a copy of any offer or
     counteroffer executed or to be executed by Seller and the transferee. 
     Seller represents and warrants that the purchase price, terms and
     conditions referred to in the ROFR Notice shall have been arrived at
     through arm’s length negotiations.  Buyer agrees that any ROFR Notice
     and the terms therein or attached thereto shall be considered
     Confidential Information of Seller and shall be subject to Article 26
     above.

     29.6.2                  If Buyer, within thirty (30) days after
     receipt of a ROFR Notice, indicates in writing to Seller its agreement
     to purchase the LNG Plant to be transferred on the terms stated in
     such ROFR Notice, Seller shall sell and convey such property to Buyer
     on the same terms and conditions as set forth in such ROFR Notice,. 
     If Buyer does not notify Seller of its intent to exercise its right of
     first refusal within such thirty (30) day period, or if Buyer gives
     Seller written notification that it does not elect to exercise such
     right of first refusal, then Seller may transfer the LNG Plant free of

     [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
     been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.

 

18

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

                                                     this right of first
     refusal on the same terms and conditions offered to Buyer as set forth
     in the ROFR Notice.

     29.6.3                  If Seller does not complete the transfer of
     the LNG Plant described within the ROFR Notice within sixty (60) days
     of (i) the expiration of the aforementioned thirty (30) day period or
     (ii) such earlier date on which Buyer notifies Seller that it does not
     wish to exercise its right of first refusal, or if Seller intends to
     transfer the LNG Plant on terms and conditions which are changed or
     modified from those stated in the ROFR Notice, then the transaction or
     any further transaction shall be deemed a new determination by Seller
     to transfer the LNG Plant and the provisions of this Article 29.6
     shall again be applicable to any proposed transfer.

     29.6.4                  Buyer’s right of first refusal as provided
     herein shall be extinguished if and only if Buyer fails to exercise
     its right to purchase the LNG Plant within the thirty (30) day period
     provided above and Seller thereafter transfers the LNG Plant to the
     transferee and on the terms set forth in the ROFR Notice within the
     sixty (60) day period provided above, and provided the offer from the
     transferee presented to Buyer in the ROFR Notice was a valid, bona
     fide and binding third party offer.  Failure by Buyer to respond to
     any other offer shall in no way extinguish the right granted to Buyer
     hereunder which shall in such case continue to burden the LNG Plant.

     29.6.5                  As used in this Article 29.6, the term
     “transfer” shall be defined to mean any transfer, sale, lease, or
     other conveyance, whether by agreement for sale or in any other manner
     except as otherwise provided in the first paragraph of this Article
     29.6.  A sale of a parent company that holds an interest in NEWCO is
     not deemed to be a “transfer” provided that the value of the parent
     company’s interest in NEWCO is less than 25 per cent of the value of
     the parent company.

     29.6.6                  Buyer shall have the right to record a
     memorandum of its right of First Refusal in the records of the county
     where the LNG Plant is located.

     29.7                           Dispute Resolution Procedures.  In the
     event a dispute arises between the Parties related to this Sales
     Agreement, the following process shall be followed:

       (a)                  Each Party will designate a senior executive
       (“Designated Representative”) to represent it in connection with any
       dispute that may arise between the Parties (a “Party Dispute”).  The
       Designated Representative shall initially be the persons identified
       in Article 25.1.  Subsequent changes in a Party’s Designated
       Representative shall be communicated according to Article 25.

       (b)                 In the event that a Party Dispute should arise,
       the Designated Representatives will meet, with their attorneys, if
       they so agree, within five (5) Business Days after written request
       by any Party to any other Party (the “Dispute Notice”) in an effort
       to resolve the Party Dispute.

       (c)                  If the Designated Representatives are unable to
       resolve the Party Dispute within twenty (20) Business Days following
       their first meeting, the Party Dispute will be submitted to
       non-binding mediation in Dallas, Texas before a mediator made
       available to the Parties through JAMS.

       (d)                 In the event that the mediation process fails to
       result in a resolution of the Party Dispute within sixty (60) days
       following receipt of the Dispute Notice, the Parties may take any
       action they may deem necessary to protect their interests.

       (e)                  The foregoing provisions of this Article 29.7
       shall not be construed to prohibit any Party from commencing, at any
       time prior to the completion of the process described above,

     [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
     been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.

 

19

------------------------------------------------------------------------


         

                                                        any action or
        proceeding which such Party determines is necessary to protect or
        preserve any rights or remedies it may have in law or in equity.

ARTICLE 30 INTERPRETATION
     30.1                           The captions in this Sales Agreement
     are for convenience of the Parties in identification of the provisions
     hereof and shall not constitute a part of the agreement nor be
     considered interpretive thereof. In the consideration and
     interpretation of this Sales Agreement, the following shall apply:

        (a)                                  This Sales Agreement was
        prepared jointly by the Parties hereto and not by either Party to
        the exclusion of the other.

        (b)                                 Failure to exercise any right
        or rights hereunder shall not be considered a waiver of such right
        or rights in the future.

ARTICLE 31 PRIOR AGREEMENTS
     31.1                           This Sales Agreement contains the
     entire agreement of Buyer and Seller and supersedes all prior
     understandings or agreements whether oral or written between the
     Parties, with respect to the matters addressed herein.  This Sales
     Agreement shall be amended only by an instrument in writing signed by
     both parties hereto.

ARTICLE 32 TERMINATION
     32.1                           In the event that Seller has not
     produced and delivered to Buyer 45,000 Gallons per day for a minimum
     of 25 consecutive days from the LNG Plant by December 1, 2009, Buyer
     may terminate this Sales Agreement upon 60 days written notice to
     Seller.

     32.2                           In the event Seller is unable to
     complete and start up operations of the LNG Plant by December 1, 2009
     due to unforeseen circumstances including but not limited to any legal
     actions, injunctions, or any governmental authorities, Seller may
     terminate this Sales Agreement upon 60 days written notice to Buyer.

     32.3                           If either Party elects to terminate
     this Sale Agreement under Article 32.1 or 32.2, neither Party shall be
     liable to the other Party for any further obligations under this Sales
     Agreement.

     32.4                           In the event Buyer wishes to terminate
     this Sales Agreement any time during the Term of this Sales Agreement
     and make a one time payment to Seller in lieu of continuing Take or
     Pay payments, Buyer may do so according to the following payment
     schedule. The one time payment will equal the applicable termination
     fee set forth below at the time of Seller’s receipt of Buyer’s written
     notice of its exercise of its termination right pursuant to this
     Article 32.4 in accordance with the table below.  Buyer will include
     specific details regarding the rational for Buyer’s decision to
     exercise this determination option.


Sales Agreement Year

Termination Fee
 
 
Effective Date through end of Year 1
[***]
Any time during year 2
[***]
Any time during year 3
[***]
Any time during year 4
[***]
Any time during year 5
[***]
Any time during year 6
[***]
Any time during year 7
[***]
Any time during year 8
[***]
Any time during year 9
[***]
Any time during year 10
[***]
 
     [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
     been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.

 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
     32.5                           In consideration of a payment made in
     accordance with the foregoing schedule, Seller agrees that without the
     prior written consent of Buyer, which consent may be withheld in the
     sole discretion of Buyer, Seller will not, prior to the tenth
     anniversary of the Effective Date (a) operate, or cause to be
     operated, the LNG Plant or sell, or cause to be sold, LNG produced by
     the LNG Plant or (b) sell or lease the LNG Plant to a third party, it
     being understood and agreed that by virtue of such payment Buyer has
     in effect paid for the shutdown of the LNG Plant for the remaining
     term of this Sales Agreement.  Seller may dismantle the LNG Plant and
     dispose of the components.  Until such time as the Plant may be
     dismantled and disposed of, Seller agrees to mothball the Plant until
     the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date of this Agreement, in a
     manner that it could be restarted to produce LNG in the event Buyer
     elects at a future date to purchase LNG from the Plant.  In the event
     Seller wishes to resume LNG production at the Ehrenberg location,
     Seller shall refund a portion of the Termination Fee which shall be
     calculated by multiplying the number of years remaining (including the
     year in which Seller resumes LNG production at the Ehrenberg location)
     before the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date by [***].  Seller
     shall have the right to move the Plant to a new location and resume
     LNG production.  If the LNG produced at the new location competes with
     Buyer’s operations, Seller shall refund a portion of the Termination
     Fee which shall be calculated by multiplying the number of years
     remaining (including the year in which Seller resumes LNG production
     at the new location) before the tenth anniversary of the Effective
     Date by [***].

ARTICLE 33 DAMAGES, FEES AND COSTS
     33.1                           Except as otherwise expressly provided
     in this Sales Agreement, the Parties are entitled to recover as their
     sole and exclusive damages for breach of the price and quantity
     obligations under this Sales Agreement their actual damages resulting
     from such breach.

     33.2                           In the event litigation is necessary to
     resolve a dispute, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to receive
     reimbursement by the other Party of its attorneys’ fees and costs of
     investigation and defense, and shall have the right to recover those
     fees and costs from the other Party.

ARTICLE 34 MUTUAL WAIVER OF CERTAIN REMEDIES
     34.1                           EXCEPT AS TO THE PARTIES’
     INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS WITH RESPECT TO THIRD PARTY CLAIMS SUBJECT
     TO SUCH OBLIGATIONS AND SUBJECT TO THE TAKE OR PAY OBLIGATIONS OF
     BUYER SET FORTH IN THIS SALES AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE
     OR OTHERWISE RESPONSIBLE TO THE OTHER FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL
     DAMAGES, FOR LOST PRODUCTION, OR FOR PUNITIVE DAMAGES AS TO ANY ACTION
     OR OMISSION, WHETHER CHARACTERIZED AS A SALES AGREEMENT BREACH OR TORT
     OR OTHERWISE, THAT ARISES OUT OF OR RELATES TO THIS SALES AGREEMENT OR
     ITS PERFORMANCE OR NONPERFORMANCE HEREUNDER.

ARTICLE 35 RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES
     35.1                           Seller is selling LNG to Buyer. By
     entering into this Sales Agreement, the Parties do not intend to
     create an agency, partnership, joint venture, or distributorship
     relationship.

ARTICLE 36 EXECUTION REQUIRED
     36.1                           This Sales Agreement shall become
     effective only upon execution by both Parties hereto.
 
     [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
     been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.

 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 37 WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY
    EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
    PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY
    IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR
    RELATING TO THIS SALES AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR THE
    TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT,
    TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO
    REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED,
    EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT
    OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B)
    ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO
    ENTER INTO THIS SALES AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER
    THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS ARTICLE.
 
 

[Signature page follows.]
 
     [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
     been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.

 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this LNG Sales 
Agreement as of the day and year first above written.

BUYER:
CLEAN ENERGY
 
 
By:
 
/s/ Mitchell W. Pratt
Name:
 
Mitchell W. Pratt
Title:
 
Senior Vice President
Date:
 
October 17, 2007
 
 
 
 
SELLER:
SPECTRUM ENERGY SERVICES, LLC
 
 
By:
 
/s/ Raymond R. Latchem
Name:
 
Raymond R. Latchem
Title:
 
President - Managing Member
Date:
 
October 17, 2007
 
 
Federal I.D. #: 92-0171071
 
     [***]                   Confidential portions of this document have
     been redacted and filed separately with the Commission.

 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT A
 
WAIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY DEFENSE; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION
 
 
To be completed later with the approval of Buyer.
 
     [***]      Confidential portions of this document have been redacted
     and filed separately with the Commission.

 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 