 EX-10.1 3 ex10_1.txt EXHIBIT 10.1 EXHIBIT 10.1 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
-------------------- THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), is made 
and entered into as of October 5, 2007 (the "Effective Date") by and 
between Centrue Financial Corporation, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
"Employer"), and Donald M. Davis (the "Executive"). RECITALS A. The 
Executive serves as a St. Louis Market President of Employer, and its 
wholly-owned subsidiary, Centrue Bank (the "Bank"). B. The Employer and the 
Executive have made commitments to each other on a variety of important 
issues concerning the Executive's employment, including the performance 
that will be expected of the Executive, the compensation the Executive will 
be paid, how long and under what circumstances the Executive will remain 
employed and the financial details relating to any decision that either the 
Employer or the Executive might ever make to terminate this Agreement. C. 
The Employer and the Executive desire to enter into this Agreement as of 
the Effective Date and as of such date this Agreement shall supersede all 
terms of any other employment or severance agreement, with Employer, 
providing for benefits similar in nature to those contained herein, except 
that the provisions of the Restricted Stock Agreement between the Employer 
and the Executive (the "Restricted Stock Agreement") shall not be affected 
in any way by this Agreement, nor shall the terms of the Restricted Stock 
Agreement be deemed to apply to the terms, conditions and interpretation of 
this Agreement. D. The Employer recognizes that circumstances may arise in 
which a future change of control of the Employer through acquisition or 
otherwise may occur thereby causing uncertainty of employment without 
regard to the competence or past contributions of the Executive, which 
uncertainty may result in the loss of valuable services of the Executive 
and the Employer wishes to provide reasonable security to the Executive 
against changes in the employment relationship in the event of any such 
change of control. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of 
the covenants herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Employer and 
the Executive agree as follows: AGREEMENT Section 1. Term With Automatic 
Renewal Provisions. The term of this Agreement and the Executive's 
employment hereunder shall be for a term of four (4) years commencing on 
the Effective Date, and shall automatically be extended for one (1) 
additional year on the third anniversary of the Effective Date and each 
anniversary thereafter, unless and until either party to this Agreement 
provides written notice of non-renewal to the other party. Section 2. 
Position and Duties. The Employer hereby employs the Executive as set forth 
above or in such other senior executive capacity or capacities as shall be 
mutually agreed between the Employer and the Executive. During the period 
of the Executive's employment hereunder, the Executive shall devote his 
best efforts and full business time, energy, skills and attention to the 
business and affairs of the Employer, the Bank, and the other direct and 
indirect subsidiaries of the Employer (together with the Bank, the 
"Subsidiaries" or a "Subsidiary"). The Executive's duties and authority 
shall consist of and include all duties and authority customarily performed 
and held by persons holding equivalent positions with business 
organizations similar in nature and size to the Employer, as such duties 
and authority are reasonably defined, modified and delegated from time to 
time by the Board of Directors of the Employer to which the Executive shall 
report during the term of this Agreement (the "Board"). The Executive shall 
have the powers necessary to perform the duties assigned to him and shall 
be provided such supporting services, staff, secretarial and other 
assistance, office space and accoutrements as shall be reasonably necessary 
and appropriate in the light of such assigned duties. At least annually, 
Employer shall evaluate Executive's performance in accordance with and as 
described in the Employer's standard employment policies. Section 3. 
Compensation. As compensation for the services to be provided by the 
Executive hereunder, the Executive shall receive the following 
compensation, expense reimbursement and other benefits: (a) Base 
Compensation. The Executive shall receive an aggregate annual minimum Base 
Salary of $325,000 payable in installments in accordance with the regular 
payroll schedule of the Bank ("Base Salary"). Such Base Salary shall be 
subject to review annually commencing in 2009 and shall be maintained or 
increased during the term of this Agreement in accordance with the 
Employer's established management compensation policies and plans. (b) 
Performance Bonus. The Executive shall receive an annual performance bonus, 
payable within sixty (60) days after the end of the fiscal year of the 
Employer, in an amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the pretax profit of 
the Bank's St. Louis, Missouri branch(es) (the "Annual Performance Bonus") 
with up to half of the Annual Performance Bonus (i.e., five percent (5%) of 
the Bank's St. Louis, Missouri branch(es)) available to be paid to the 
Executive's direct reports for the applicable year. The amount, if any, of 
the Annual Performance Bonus payable to the Executive's direct reports 
shall be determined by the Executive and ratified by the Board. (c) 
Reimbursement of Expenses. The Executive shall be reimbursed, upon 
submission of appropriate vouchers and supporting documentation, for all 
travel, entertainment and other out-of-pocket expenses reasonably and 
necessarily incurred by the Executive in the performance of his 2 duties 
hereunder and shall be entitled to attend seminars, conferences and 
meetings relating to the business of the Employer consistent with the 
Employer's or the Bank's established policies in that regard. (d) Other 
Benefits. The Executive shall be entitled to all benefits specifically 
established for him and, when and to the extent he is eligible therefore, 
to participate in all plans and benefits generally accorded to senior 
executives of the Employer and the Bank, including, but not limited to, 
pension, profit-sharing, supplemental retirement, incentive compensation, 
bonus, disability income, group life medical and hospitalization insurance, 
director and officer liability insurance and similar or comparable plans, 
and also to perquisites extended to similarly situated senior executives, 
provided, however, that such plans, benefits and perquisites shall be no 
less than those made available to all other employees of the Employer and 
the Bank. (e) Vacations. The Executive shall be entitled to paid time off 
for all Bank holidays. In addition to Bank holidays, the Executive shall be 
entitled to annual paid time off ("PTO") which shall accrue each calendar 
year and which shall be taken at a time or times mutually agreeable to the 
Employer and the Executive; provided, however, that the Executive shall be 
entitled to at least twenty five (25) PTO days annually. (f) Withholding. 
The Employer shall be entitled to withhold from amounts payable to the 
Executive hereunder, any federal, state or local withholding or other taxes 
which it is from time to time required to withhold. The Employer shall be 
entitled to rely upon the opinion of its legal counsel with regard to any 
question concerning the amount or requirement of any such withholding. (g) 
Stock Awards. On the Effective Date, the Employer shall grant to the 
Executive an option to purchase fifty thousand (50,000) shares of the 
Employer's common stock (the "Option"). One fifth (1/5) of the Option shall 
vest on the Effective Date and one fifth (1/5) shall vest on each 
anniversary thereafter, until fully vested on the fourth (4th) anniversary. 
The Option award shall provide that it shall fully vest upon a subsequent 
Change in Control (as defined in the Employer's stock plan ("Stock Plan"), 
termination of the Executive without Cause or by the Executive due to a 
Constructive Discharge (with the terms Cause and Constructive Discharge as 
defined herein). The Option will expire, to the extent not exercised, as of 
the seventh (7th) anniversary of the Effective Date. The exercise price of 
the Option shall be based on the fair market value of the Employer's common 
stock on the date of grant. Section 4. Confidentiality and Loyalty. The 
Executive acknowledges that during the course of his employment he may 
produce and have access to material, records, data, trade secrets and 
information not generally available to the public regarding the Employer 
and its Subsidiaries (collectively, "Confidential Information"). 
Accordingly, during the Term and during the Restricted Period (defined 
below), the Executive shall hold in confidence and not directly or 
indirectly disclose, use, copy or make lists of any such Confidential 
Information, except to the extent that such information is or thereafter 
becomes lawfully available from public sources, or such disclosure is 
authorized in writing by the Employer, required by a law or any competent 
administrative agency or judicial authority, or otherwise as reasonably 
necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance by the 
Executive of his duties hereunder. All records, files, documents and other 
materials or copies thereof relating to the business of the Employer and 
its Subsidiaries 3 which the Executive shall prepare or use, shall be and 
remain the sole property of the Employer, shall not be removed from the 
premises of the Employer or its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, without 
the written consent of the Employer's Chairman of the Board, except as 
reasonably necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance by 
the Executive of his duties hereunder, and shall be promptly returned to 
the Employer upon termination of the Executive's employment hereunder. The 
Executive agrees to abide by the reasonable policies of the Employer, as in 
effect from time to time, respecting avoidance of interests conflicting 
with those of the Employer and its Subsidiaries. Section 5. Termination. 
----------- (a) Termination Without Cause. Either the Employer or the 
Executive may terminate this Agreement and the Executive's employment 
hereunder for any reason by delivering written notice of termination to the 
other party no less than thirty (30) days before the effective date of 
termination, which date will be specified in the notice of termination. (b) 
Voluntary Termination by the Executive. If the Executive voluntarily 
terminates his employment under this Agreement other than pursuant to 
Section 5(d) (Constructive Discharge) or Section 5(h) (Termination Upon 
Change of Control), then the Employer shall only be required to pay the 
Executive such Base Salary as shall have accrued through the effective date 
of such termination, the amount of any expense reimbursements for expenses 
incurred prior to the effective date of such termination, provided that the 
Executive shall have submitted all reimbursement requests within ten (10) 
business days of the effective date of such termination, and any other 
amounts to which the Executive is entitled under applicable law. None of 
the Employer or any of its Subsidiaries shall have any further obligations 
to the Executive. (c) Termination by Employer Without Cause. 
------------------------------------- (i) In the event of the termination 
of this Agreement by the Employer prior to the last day of the Term for any 
reason other than a termination in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 5(e) (Termination for Cause), then notwithstanding any mitigation 
of damages by the Executive, the Employer shall pay the Executive a sum 
equal to two times the Executive's Base Salary and Annual Performance Bonus 
(which shall be based on the performance of the Bank's St. Louis, Missouri 
branches for the twelve (12) whole calendar months prior to the date of 
termination and capped at five percent (5%) of the pretax profit of the 
Bank's St. Louis, Missouri branch(es)). In addition, the Employer shall pay 
the cost on behalf of the Executive for continued coverage (COBRA 
continuation coverage) for the Executive and the Executive's dependents (if 
applicable) under the health insurance programs maintained by the Employer 
during the period of the Executive's COBRA eligibility; provided, however, 
that the continued payment of these amounts by the Employer shall not 
offset or diminish any compensation or benefits accrued as of the date of 
termination. (ii) Payment to the Executive will be made on a monthly basis 
over the twelve (12) month period immediately following the Executive's 
termination of employment. Payment of the amounts due under Section 5(c)(i) 
shall not be reduced in the event the Executive obtains other employment 
following the termination of employment by the Employer. 4 (iii) If the 
Employer is not in compliance with its minimum capital requirements or if 
the payments required under subsection (i) above would cause the Employer's 
capital to be reduced below its minimum capital requirements, such payments 
shall be deferred until such time as the Employer is in capital compliance. 
(iv) In addition to the amounts payable to Executive under this Section 3, 
Employer shall pay the Executive such Base Salary as shall have accrued 
through the effective date of such termination, the amount of any expense 
reimbursements for expenses incurred prior to the effective date of such 
termination, provided that the Executive shall have submitted all 
reimbursement requests within ten (10) business days of the effective date 
of such termination, and any other amounts to which the Executive is 
entitled under applicable law. Apart from the obligations of Section 3 and 
Section 5, none of the Employer or any of its Subsidiaries shall have any 
further obligations to the Executive under this Agreement. (d) Constructive 
Discharge. If at any time during the Term of this Agreement, except in 
instances where Employer has valid grounds to terminate the Executive's 
employment pursuant to Section 5(e) (Termination for Cause), the Executive 
is Constructively Discharged (as hereinafter defined), then the Executive 
shall have the right, by written notice given to the Employer not later 
than ninety (90) days after such Constructive Discharge, to terminate his 
services hereunder, effective as of thirty (30) days after the date of such 
notice, and the Executive shall have no rights or obligations under this 
Agreement other than as provided in this Section 5(d), Section 4 
(Confidentiality and Loyalty) and Section 6 (Non-Competition Covenant). In 
such event, notwithstanding any mitigation of damages by the Executive, the 
Employer shall pay the Executive a sum equal to two times the Executive's 
Base Salary and the percentage of Annual Performance Bonus earned from the 
end of the calendar year preceding until the last date of Executive's 
employment (based on five percent (5%) of the pretax profit of the Bank's 
St. Louis, Missouri branch(es)), such percentage being determined by 
dividing the number of days that have occurred in the calendar year through 
the date of Executives services terminate by 365. In addition, the Employer 
shall pay the cost on behalf of the Executive for continued coverage (COBRA 
continuation coverage) for the Executive and the Executive's dependents (if 
applicable) under the health insurance programs maintained by the Employer 
during the period of the Executive's COBRA eligibility; provided, however, 
that the continued payment of these amounts by the Employer shall not 
offset or diminish any compensation or benefits accrued as of the date of 
termination. For purposes of this Agreement, the Executive shall be 
"Constructively Discharged" upon the occurrence, without the Executive's 
express written consent, of any of the following events, provided that the 
Executive gives at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of 
Executive's termination: (i) a reduction in the Executive's then current 
Base Salary; (ii) any change in the Executive's duties and responsibilities 
that is inconsistent in any adverse respect with the Executive's 
position(s), duties or responsibilities, or an adverse change in the 
Executive's place in the organization chart or in the seniority of the 
individual (or Board, where applicable) to whom the Executive shall report; 
5 (iii) a material and adverse change in the Executive's titles or offices 
(including, if applicable, membership on a board of directors); (iv) a 
material reduction in the Executive's annual target bonus opportunity (if 
any) (for this purpose, a reduction for any year of over twenty percent 
(20%) of the Executive's annual target bonus opportunity (if any) measured 
by the preceding year shall be considered "material"); (v) requiring the 
Executive to be based more than fifty (50) miles from the location of the 
Executive's place of employment as of the Effective Date, except for normal 
business travel in connection with the Executive's duties; or (vi) a 
material breach of this Agreement by the Employer. An isolated, 
insubstantial and inadvertent action taken in good faith and that is 
remedied within ten (10) days after receipt of notice thereof given by the 
Executive shall not constitute a Constructive Discharge. The Executive's 
right to terminate employment due to a Constructive Discharge shall not be 
affected by incapacities due to mental or physical illness and the 
Executive's continued employment or lack of notice hereunder shall not 
constitute consent to, or a waiver of rights with respect to, any event or 
condition constituting a Constructive Discharge. The Executive shall be 
deemed to have been Constructively Discharged if Executive resigns within 
thirty (30) days following either (i) a change in the majority of the 
Employer's Board of Directors within a single twelve month period; or (ii) 
a change in the Employer's CEO and two (2) of the CEO's direct reports 
where they are no longer employed by the Employer or an affiliate of the 
Employer in those, or more senior positions within a single twelve (12) 
month period. (e) Termination for Cause. This Agreement may be terminated 
for Cause as hereinafter defined. "Cause" shall mean: (i) the Executive's 
death; (ii) the Executive's Permanent Disability, which shall mean the 
Executive's inability, as a result of physical or mental incapacity, 
substantially to perform his duties hereunder for a period of six (6) 
consecutive months, with the determination of the Executive's Permanent 
Disability to be determined by a physician chosen by two other physicians, 
each of which is selected by the Employer and the Executive, respectively; 
(iii) the willful and continued failure by the Executive to perform 
substantially the Executive's duties (other than any such failure resulting 
from the Executive's incapacity due to physical or mental illness or any 
such failure subsequent to the delivery to the Executive of a notice of 
intent to terminate the Executive's employment without Cause or subsequent 
to the Executive's delivery of a notice of the Executive's intent to 
terminate employment for Constructive Discharge), and such willful and 
continued failure continues after a demand for substantial performance is 
delivered to the Executive that specifically identifies the manner in which 
the Executive has not substantially performed the Executive's duties; 6 
(iv) the Executive is removed or suspended from banking pursuant to Section 
8(e) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended ("FDIA"), or any 
other applicable state or federal law; or (v) the willful engaging by the 
Executive in illegal conduct or gross misconduct which is materially and 
demonstrably injurious to the business or reputation of the Employer. (vi) 
For purposes of determining whether "Cause" exists, no act or failure to 
act on the Executive's part shall be considered "willful" unless done, or 
omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith and without reasonable 
belief that the action or omission was in, or not opposed to, the best 
interests of the Employer. Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority 
given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board, based upon the 
advice of counsel for the Employer or upon the instructions to the 
Executive by a more senior officer shall be conclusively presumed to be 
done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the best 
interests of the Employer. The Employer must notify the Executive of any 
event constituting Cause within ninety (90) days following its knowledge of 
its existence or such event shall not constitute Cause under this 
Agreement. (vii) Upon a termination of the Executive's employment with the 
Employer for Cause, the Executive shall be entitled to receive from the 
Employer only such Base Salary as shall have accrued through the effective 
date of such termination, the amount of any expense reimbursements for 
expenses incurred prior to the effective date of such termination, provided 
that the Executive shall have submitted all reimbursement requests within 
ten (10) business days of the effective date of such termination, and any 
other amounts to which the Executive is entitled under applicable law. None 
of the Employer or any of its Subsidiaries shall have any further 
obligations to the Executive. (f) Payments Upon Death. In the event 
payments are due and owing under this Agreement at the death of the 
Executive, payment shall be made to such beneficiary as the Executive may 
designate in writing, or failing such designation, to the executor of his 
estate, in full settlement and satisfaction of all claims and demands on 
behalf of the Executive. (g) Payments Prior to Permanent Disability. The 
Executive shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits provided for 
under this Agreement for any period during the term of this Agreement and 
prior to the establishment of the Executive's Disability during which the 
Executive is unable to work due to a physical or mental infirmity. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, until 
the date specified in a notice of termination relating to the Executive's 
Disability, the Executive shall be entitled to return to his positions with 
the Employer as set forth in this Agreement in which event no Disability of 
the Executive will be deemed to have occurred. (h) Termination Upon Change 
of Control. ---------------------------------- (i) In the event of a Change 
of Control (as defined below) of the Employer and the termination of the 
Executive's employment under either A or B below, subject to Section 
5(h)(iii) below, the Executive shall be entitled to receive in lieu of any 
other payments provided for in this 7 Agreement a lump sum payment equal to 
the amount determined pursuant to Section 5(c) (Termination by Employer 
without Cause), and the continuation of benefits as provided in Section 
5(c). Either of the following shall constitute termination of the 
Executive's employment within the meaning of this Section 5(h): (A) The 
Executive voluntarily terminates his employment within the twelve (12) 
month period immediately following the Change of Control due to 
Constructive Discharge. (B) This Agreement and the Executive's employment 
is terminated by the Employer or its successor within the twelve (12) month 
period immediately following the Change of Control, for reasons other than 
Cause. (ii) For purposes of this Section, the term "Change of Control" 
shall mean the following: (A) The consummation of the acquisition by any 
person (as such term is defined in Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act")) of beneficial ownership 
(within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the 1934 Act) of fifty 
percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding 
voting securities of the Employer; or (B) Consummation of: (1) a merger or 
consolidation to which the Employer is a party if the stockholders 
immediately before such merger or consolidation do not, as a result of such 
merger or consolidation, own, directly or indirectly, more than sixty-seven 
percent (67%) of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting 
securities of the entity resulting from such merger or consolidation in 
substantially the same proportion as their ownership of the combined voting 
power of the Employer's voting securities outstanding immediately before 
such merger or consolidation; or (2) a complete liquidation or dissolution 
or an agreement for the sale or other disposition of all or substantially 
all of the assets of the Employer or the Bank. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, a Change of Control shall not be deemed to occur solely because 
fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the Employer's 
then outstanding securities is acquired by: (1) a trustee or other 
fiduciary holding securities under one or more employee benefit plans 
maintained for employees of the entity; or (2) any corporation which, 
immediately prior to such acquisition, is owned directly or indirectly by 
the stockholders in the same proportion as their ownership of stock 
immediately prior to such acquisition. (iii) It is the intention of the 
Employer and the Executive that no portion of any payment under this 
Agreement, or payments to or for the benefit of the Executive under any 
other agreement or plan, be deemed to be an "Excess Parachute Payment" as 
defined in Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the "Code"), or its successors. It is agreed that the present value of and 
payments to or for the benefit of the Executive in the nature of 
compensation, receipt of which is contingent on the Change of Control of 
the Employer, and to which Section 280G of the Code applies (in the 
aggregate "Total Payments") shall not exceed an amount equal to one dollar 
($1.00) less than the maximum amount which the Employer may pay without 
loss of 8 deduction under Section 280G(a) of the Code. Present value for 
purposes of this Agreement shall be calculated in accordance with Section 
280G(d)(4) of the Code. Within ninety (90) days following the earlier of 
(A) the giving of the notice of termination or (B) the giving of notice by 
the Employer to the Executive of its belief that there is a payment or 
benefit due the Executive which will result in an excess parachute payment 
as defined in Section 280G of the Code, the Executive and the Employer, at 
the Employer's expense, shall obtain the opinion of such legal counsel and 
certified public accountants as the Executive may choose (notwithstanding 
the fact that such persons have acted or may also be acting as the legal 
counsel or certified public accountants for the Employer), which opinions 
need not be unqualified, which sets forth (I) the amount of the Base Period 
Income of the Executive, (II) the present value of Total Payments and (III) 
the amount and present value of any excess parachute payments. In the event 
that such opinions determine that there would be an excess parachute 
payment, the payment hereunder or any other payment determined by such 
counsel to be includable in Total Payments shall be modified, reduced or 
eliminated as specified by the Executive in writing delivered to the 
Employer within sixty (60) days of the Executive's receipt of such opinions 
or, if the Executive fails to so notify the Employer, then as the Employer 
shall reasonably determine, so that under the bases of calculation set 
forth in such opinions there will be no excess parachute payment. The 
provisions of this subparagraph, including the calculations, notices and 
opinions provided for herein shall be based upon the conclusive presumption 
that (y) the compensation and benefits provided for in Section 3 hereof and 
(z) any other compensation earned by the Executive pursuant to the 
Employer's compensation programs which would have been paid in any event, 
are reasonable compensation for services rendered, even though the timing 
of such payment is triggered by the Change of Control; provided, however, 
that in the event such legal counsel so requests in connection with the 
opinion required by this subparagraph, the Executive and the Employer shall 
obtain, at the Employer's expense, and the legal counsel may rely on in 
providing the opinion, the advice of a firm of recognized executive 
compensation consultants as to the reasonableness of any item of 
compensation to be received by the Executive. In the event that the 
provisions of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code are repealed without 
succession, this subparagraph shall be of no further force or effect. (i) 
Regulatory Suspension and Termination. 
------------------------------------- (i) If the Executive is suspended 
from office and/or temporarily prohibited from participating in the conduct 
of the Employer's affairs by a notice served under Section 8(e)(3) (12 
U.S.C. ss. 1818(e)(3)) or 8(g) (12 U.S.C. ss. 1818(g)) of the FDIA, the 
Employer's obligations under this contract shall be suspended as of the 
date of service, unless stayed by appropriate proceedings. If the charges 
in the notice are dismissed, and the Employer's Board has decided to make 
indemnification payments pursuant to 12 CFR Section 359.5(a), the Employer 
shall (A) pay the Executive all of the compensation withheld while their 
contract obligations were suspended and (B) reinstate (in whole) any of the 
obligations which were suspended. (ii) If the Executive is removed and/or 
permanently prohibited from participating in the conduct of the Employer's 
affairs by an order issued under Section 8(e) (12 U.S.C. ss. 1818(e)) or 
8(g) (12 U.S.C. ss. 1818(g)) of the FDIA, all obligations of the Employer 
under this 9 contract shall terminate as of the effective date of the 
order, but vested rights of the contracting parties shall not be affected. 
(iii) If the Employer is in default as defined in Section 3(x) (12 U.S.C. 
ss. 1813(x)(1)) of the FDIA, all obligations of the Employer under this 
contract shall terminate as of the date of default, but this paragraph 
shall not affect any vested rights of the contracting parties. (iv) All 
obligations of the Employer under this contract shall be terminated, except 
to the extent determined that continuation of the contract is necessary for 
the continued operation of the institution by the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation (the "FDIC"), at the time the FDIC enters into an agreement to 
provide assistance to or on behalf of the Employer under the authority 
contained in Section 13(c) (12 U.S.C. ss. 1823(c)) of the FDIA, or when the 
Employer is determined by the FDIC to be in an unsafe or unsound condition. 
Any rights of the parties that have already vested, however, shall not be 
affected by such action. Section 6. Non-Competition Covenant. 
------------------------ (a) Restrictive Covenant. The Employer and the 
Executive have jointly reviewed the customer lists and operations of the 
Employer and its Subsidiaries and have agreed that the primary service area 
of the Employer's and its Subsidiaries' loan and deposit origination 
functions in which the Employer and its Subsidiaries have and will actively 
participate extends to an area within twenty-five (25) miles of any 
Missouri office or branch of the Employer and its Subsidiaries (the 
"Restrictive Area"). Therefore, as an essential ingredient of and in 
consideration of this Agreement and the payment of the amounts described in 
Section 3, the Executive hereby agrees that, except with the express prior 
written consent of the Employer, for a period of twenty four (24) months 
after the termination of the Executive's employment with the Employer, 
whether such termination of employment occurs during the term of this 
Agreement or following the term or termination of this Agreement, except 
this period shall be reduced to twelve (12) months in the event Executive's 
employment terminates following a Change of Control or if the Executive 
voluntarily terminates employment within thirty (30) days following either 
(i) a change in the majority of the Employer's Board of Directors within a 
single twelve (12) month period; or (ii) a change in the Employer's CEO and 
two (2) of the CEO's direct reports where they are no longer employed by 
the Employer or an affiliate of the Employer in those, or more senior 
positions within a single twelve (12) month period (the "Restrictive 
Period"): (i) The Executive will not, directly or indirectly, engage or 
invest in, own, manage, operate, finance, control, or participate in the 
ownership, management, operation or control of, be employed by, associated 
with, or in any manner connected with, lend the Executive's name or any 
similar name to, lend the Executive's credit to, or render services or 
advice to, any person, firm, partnership, corporation or trust which owns 
or operates, a bank, savings and loan association, credit union or similar 
financial institution (a "Financial Institution") within the Restrictive 
Area; provided however, that the ownership by the Executive of shares of 
the capital stock which are listed on a securities exchange or quoted on 
the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System 
which do not 10 represent more than five percent (5%) of the outstanding 
capital stock of any Financial Institution, shall not violate any terms of 
this Agreement. (ii) The Executive will not, directly or indirectly, either 
for himself, or any other Financial Institution: (A) induce or attempt to 
induce any employee of the Employer or its Subsidiaries to leave the employ 
of the Employer or its Subsidiaries; (B) in any way interfere with the 
relationship between Employer or its Subsidiaries and any employee of 
Employer or its Subsidiaries; (C) employ, or otherwise engage as an 
employee, independent contractor or otherwise, any employee of Employer or 
its Subsidiaries; or (D) induce or attempt to induce any customer, 
supplier, licensee, or business relation of Employer or its Subsidiaries to 
cease doing business with the Employer or its Subsidiaries or in any way 
interfere with the relationship between any customer, supplier, licensee or 
business relation of Employer or its Subsidiaries. (iii) The Executive will 
not, directly or indirectly, either for himself, or any other Financial 
Institution, solicit the business of any person or entity known to the 
Executive to be a customer of the Employer or its Subsidiaries, whether or 
not such Executive had personal contact with such person or entity, with 
respect to products or activities which compete in whole or in part with 
the products or activities of the Employer or its Subsidiaries. (iv) The 
Executive will not, directly or indirectly, serve as the agent, broker or 
representative of, or otherwise assist, any person or entity in obtaining 
services or products from any Financial Institution within the Restrictive 
Area. (v) The Executive expressly agrees that the covenants contained in 
this Section 6(a) are reasonable with respect to their duration, 
geographical area, and scope. (b) Violation of Restrictive Covenant. If the 
Executive violates the restrictions contained in Section 6(a) and the 
Employer brings legal action for injunctive or other relief, the Employer 
shall not, as a result of the time involved in obtaining such relief, be 
deprived of the benefit of the full period of the Restrictive Period. 
Accordingly, the Restrictive Period shall be deemed to have the duration 
specified in Section 6(a) computed from the date the relief is granted but 
reduced by the time between the period when the Restrictive Period began to 
run and the date of the first violation of the restrictions contained in 
Section 6(a) by the Executive. In the event that a successor assumes and 
agrees to perform this Agreement, the restrictions contained in Section 
6(a) shall continue to apply only to the primary service area of the 
Employer as it existed immediately before such assumption and shall not 
apply to any of the successor's other offices. Remedies for Breach of 
Restrictive Covenant. The Executive acknowledges that the restrictions 
contained in Section 4 and Section 6(a) of this Agreement are reasonable 
and necessary for the protection of the legitimate business interests of 
the Employer, that any violation of these restrictions would cause 
substantial injury to the Employer and such interests, that the Employer 
would not have entered into this Agreement with the Executive without 
receiving the additional consideration offered by the Executive in binding 
himself to these restrictions and that such restrictions were a material 
inducement to the Employer to enter into this Agreement. In the event of 
any violation or threatened violation of these restrictions, the Employer, 
in addition to and not in limitation of, any other rights, remedies or 
damages available to the Employer under this Agreement or otherwise at law 
or in equity, 11 shall be entitled to preliminary and permanent injunctive 
relief to prevent or restrain any such violation by the Executive and any 
and all persons directly or indirectly acting for or with him, as the case 
may be. In the event of a violation of the restrictions in Section 4 and 
Section 6(a) of this Agreement, the Employer shall have the right to cease 
making any payments, or providing benefits, otherwise required hereunder. 
Section 7. Intercorporate Transfers. If the Executive shall be voluntarily 
transferred to a Subsidiary of the Employer, such transfer shall not be 
deemed to terminate or modify this Agreement and the employing corporation 
to which the Executive shall have been transferred shall, for all purposes 
of this Agreement, be construed as standing in the same place and stead as 
the Employer as of the date of such transfer, provided however, that this 
Section 7 shall not modify Employer's obligations under Section 2, Section 
3 and Section 5 hereof. Section 8. Interest in Assets. Neither the 
Executive nor his estate shall acquire hereunder any rights in funds or 
assets of the Employer, otherwise than by and through the actual payment of 
amounts payable hereunder; nor shall the Executive or his estate have any 
power to transfer, assign, anticipate, hypothecate or otherwise encumber in 
advance any of said payments; nor shall any of such payments be subject to 
seizure for the payment of any debt, judgment, alimony, separate 
maintenance or be transferable by operation of law in the event of 
bankruptcy, insolvency or otherwise of the Executive. Section 9. 
Indemnification. The Employer shall provide the Executive (including his 
heirs, personal representatives, executors and administrators) for the term 
of this Agreement with coverage under a standard directors' and officers' 
liability insurance policy at its expense. Section 10. General Provisions. 
------------------ (a) Successors; Assignment. This Agreement shall be 
binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Executive, his heirs, legatees 
and personal representatives, the Employer and its successors and assigns, 
and any successor or assign of the Employer shall be deemed the "Employer" 
hereunder. The Employer shall require any successor to all or substantially 
all of the business and/or assets of the Employer, whether directly or 
indirectly, by purchase, merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock, or 
otherwise, by an agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the 
Executive, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the 
same manner and to the same extent as the Employer would be required to 
perform if no such succession had taken place. (b) Entire Agreement; 
Modifications. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the 
parties respecting the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior 
negotiations, undertakings, agreements and arrangements with respect 
thereto, whether written or oral, and without limiting the foregoing, the 
Executive hereby agrees and acknowledges that this Agreement supersedes, 
and he shall have no rights to payments or otherwise under, any other 
agreement other than the Restricted Stock Agreement. Except as otherwise 
explicitly provided herein, this Agreement may not be amended or modified 
except by written agreement signed by the Executive and the Employer; 
provided, however, that the Employer may unilaterally modify the Agreement 
to 12 comply with applicable law, including, but not limited to, Code 
Section 409A, while maintaining the spirit and intent of the Agreement. (c) 
Survival. The provisions of Section 4 and Section 6 shall survive the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, in each case for the period 
and to the extent set forth in such section. (d) Enforcement and Governing 
Law. The provisions of this Agreement shall be regarded as divisible and 
separate; if any of said provisions should be declared invalid or 
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the validity and 
enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby. 
This Agreement shall be construed and the legal relations of the parties 
hereto shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of 
Illinois without reference to the conflict of law provisions of any 
jurisdiction. (e) Arbitration. Any dispute or controversy arising under or 
in connection with this Agreement (with the exception of the remedies set 
forth in Section 6(c)) shall be settled exclusively by arbitration, 
conducted before a panel of three arbitrators sitting in a location 
selected by the Executive within twenty-five (25) miles from the location 
of the main office of the Employer, in accordance with the employment rules 
of the American Arbitration Association then in effect. Judgment may be 
entered on the arbitrator's award in any court having jurisdiction; 
provided, however, that the Executive shall be entitled to seek specific 
performance of his right to be paid through the date of termination during 
the pendency of any dispute or controversy arising under or in connection 
with this Agreement. (f) Legal Fees. All reasonable legal fees paid or 
incurred by either party pursuant to any dispute or question of 
interpretation relating to this Agreement shall be paid or reimbursed by 
the opposing party if the party is successful on the merits pursuant to a 
legal judgment, arbitration or settlement. (g) Waiver. No waiver by either 
party at any time of any breach by the other party of, or compliance with, 
any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other 
party, shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provisions or 
conditions at the same time or any prior or subsequent time. (h) Notices. 
Notices pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed 
given when received; and, if mailed, shall be mailed by United States 
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; 
and if to the Employer, addressed to the principal headquarters of the 
Employer, attention: Chairman of the Board; or, if to the Executive, to the 
address set forth below the Executive's signature on this Agreement, or to 
such other address as the party to be notified shall have given to the 
other. (i) Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything 
contained herein to the contrary, if at the time of a termination of 
employment, (i) Employee is a "specified employee" as defined in Code 
Section 409A, and the regulations and guidance thereunder in effect at the 
time of such termination ("409A"), and, (ii) any of the payments or 
benefits provided hereunder may constitute "deferred compensation" under 
409A, then, and only to the extent required by such provisions, the date of 
payment of such payments or 13 benefits otherwise provided shall be delayed 
for a period of up to six (6) months following the date of termination. 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 14 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the 
parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
CENTRUE FINANCIAL CORPORATION DONALD M. DAVIS By: /s/ Thomas A. Daiber /s/ 
Donald M. Davis ------------------------------ 
------------------------------------ Thomas A. Daiber Its: President & CEO 
------------------------------------ ------------------------------------ 
Address: 15