 EX-10.7 2 rtsx-20160930ex10788dc90.htm EX-10.7
Exhibit 10.7
 
AMENDMENT NO. 1 AND WAIVER
TO
AMENDED AND RESTATED MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT
 
This Amendment No. 1 and Waiver to the Amended and Restated Management 
Agreement  (this “Amendment”) is made as of September 9, 2016, among 21st 
Century Oncology, Inc. (f/k/a Radiation Therapy Services, Inc.), a Florida 
corporation (the “Company”), 21st Century Oncology Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a 
Radiation Therapy Services Holdings, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (“
Holdings”), 21st Century Oncology Investments, LLC (f/k/a Radiation Therapy 
Investments, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company (“Investors”), and 
Vestar Capital Partners, LLC (f/k/a Vestar Capital Partners), a New York 
limited liability company (“Vestar”). 

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9(a) of the Amended and Restated Management 
Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2014 (the “Management Agreement”), the 
Company, Holdings, Investors and Vestar may amend and/or waive any 
provision of the Management Agreement; and

WHEREAS, Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (“CPPIB”) is, on the date 
hereof, entering into a Subscription Agreement (the “Subscription Agreement
”) with the Company, Holdings and Investors, which provides for an 
investment by CPPIB in Holdings and in connection therewith the Company, 
Holdings, Investors and Vestar desire to amend the Management Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration for the mutual promises made herein and 
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, 
hereby agree as follows:

1. Capitalized Terms. Capitalized terms used, but not otherwise defined 
herein, shall have the meaning given to them in the Management Agreement.

2. Amendments to the Management Agreement.

(a) Section 2 of the Management Agreement is hereby amended and restated in 
its entirety to read as follows:

       “Services.  Vestar hereby agrees that it shall render to each of
       Investors, Holdings and the Company (and their subsidiaries) by and
       through Vestar’s officers, employees, agents, representatives and
       affiliates as Vestar in its sole discretion shall designate from
       time to time, financial advisory or other similar services to
       Investors, Holdings and the Company (and their subsidiaries) in
       connection with acquisitions, divestitures, refinancings,
       restructurings and similar transactions by Investors, Holdings and
       the Company (and their subsidiaries).  It is expressly agreed that
       the services to be performed hereunder shall not include full or
       part-time employment by any of the Company and its subsidiaries of
       any employee or partner of Vestar or any of its affiliates.”

(b) Section 3(a) of the Management Agreement is hereby amended and restated 
in its entirety by deleting the current provision in its entirety and 
replacing such provision to read as follows:

       “[Reserved.]”

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

(c) Section 3(b) of the Management Agreement is hereby amended and restated 
in its entirety to read as follows:

       “Subject to Section 7, Investors, Holdings and the Company and their
       respective successors hereby jointly and severally agree to pay or
       cause to be paid to Vestar either (i) $6,000,000 for any financial
       advisory or similar services provided by it and/or its affiliates in
       connection with a Sale of the Company (as defined in that certain
       Securityholders Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and among
       Investors and certain of the securityholders of Investors from time
       to time party thereto, as the same may be amended, modified or
       restated from time to time (the “Securityholders Agreement”)) or
       (ii) $6,000,000 in connection with a Qualified IPO or other initial
       Public Offering (as defined in the Securityholders Agreement) (the
       fees set forth in this Section 3(b), the “Advisory Fee”).”

(d) Section 4 of the Management Agreement is hereby amended and restated in 
its entirety to read as follows:

       “In addition to the Advisory Fee, Investors, Holdings and the
       Company hereby jointly and severally agree, at the direction of
       Vestar, to pay directly or reimburse Vestar for its reasonable Out
       of Pocket Expenses incurred after the date hereof in connection with
       the services provided to Investors, Holdings and the Company (and
       their subsidiaries) pursuant to Section 2 hereof.  For the purposes
       of this Agreement, the term “Out of Pocket Expenses” shall mean the
       amounts paid by or on behalf of Vestar in connection with board
       service by the Vestar Managers (as defined in the Third Amended and
       Restated Securityholders Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by
       and among the Company, Holdings, Investors, Vestar and the other
       parties thereto) including reasonable costs of transportation, per
       diem, telephone calls, word processing expenses or any similar
       expense not associated with Vestar’s ordinary operations and, in the
       event approved by the board of directors of Holdings (including
       approval by the members of the board of directors of Holdings who
       are designees of the Majority Preferred Stockholders (as defined in
       the Securityholders Agreement)), any out-of-pocket costs and
       expenses incurred by or on behalf of Vestar in connection with the
       services contemplated by Section 2.  All reimbursements for
       Out-of-Pocket Expenses shall be made promptly upon or as soon as
       practicable after presentation by Vestar of the statement in
       connection therewith.”

(e) The last sentence of Section 6 of the Management Agreement is hereby 
amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

       “The provisions of Sections 4, 5, 8 and 9 and the joint and several
       obligation of Investors, Holdings and the Company to pay the
       Advisory Fee shall survive the termination of this Agreement.”

(f) Section 7 of the Management Agreement is hereby amended and restated in 
its entirety to read as follows:

       “Default Event.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
       upon (A) the occurrence and during the continuance of a Default
       Event (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) occurring
       after September 9, 2016, or (B) upon and following the exercise of a
       Repurchase Option (as defined in the Certificate of Designations) as
       a result of a Default Event (as defined in the Certificate of
       Designations) occurring after September 9, 2016 then, in either
       case, (i) Section 3(b) shall have no force or effect and no payment
       shall

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

       be owed to Vestar thereunder, (ii) other than with respect to any
       accrued and unpaid Fees (as defined in the Agreement prior to giving
       effect to Amendment No. 1 and Waiver to the Amended and Restated
       Management Agreement) incurred on or prior to December 31, 2015 (the
       “Accrued Fees”), any and all other payment rights of Vestar
       hereunder (including rights of reimbursement and indemnification)
       shall be subordinated to the senior and priority right of payment of
       the holders of the Convertible Preferred Stock to the extent of the
       Stated Value thereof and (iii) Section 2 shall have no force or
       effect and Vestar shall have no obligation to provide services
       pursuant to this Agreement. Vestar agrees that if it receives any
       such payment hereunder on or after a Default Event occurring after
       September 9, 2016 and prior to the full payment of the Stated Value
       to such holders, it shall hold such received amount in trust for
       such holders and shall promptly remit same as directed by the
       Majority Holders.”

(g) Section 9(a) of the Management Agreement is hereby amended and restated 
in its entirety to read as follows:

       “No amendment of any provision of this Agreement, or consent to any
       departure by either party from any such provision, shall in any
       event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by
       the parties to this Agreement.  No waiver of any provision of this
       Agreement shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be
       in writing and signed by the party against whom the waiver is to be
       effective. Any amendment, waiver or consent shall be effective only
       in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which
       given.”

(h) The Management Agreement is hereby amended such that any reference to 
“Advisory Fees” shall be deemed to refer to “Advisory Fee”. 

3. Waiver of Fees. The Company, Holdings, Investors and Vestar hereby 
irrevocably and unconditionally waive, release and forgive Vestar’s right 
to receive any accrued but unpaid Fees incurred on or after January 1, 2016 
(it being understood and agreed that the foregoing waiver shall in no way 
affect Vestar’s right to receive any Accrued Fees, which Accrued Fees shall 
remain owing in accordance with the terms of the Management Agreement 
(without giving effect to this Amendment or any Default Event occurring on 
or prior to September 9, 2016), provided that such Accrued Fees shall not 
become immediately due and payable until the earlier of (a) the occurrence 
of the Third Capital Event (as defined in that certain Credit Agreement, 
dated as of April 30, 2015 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified 
from time to time), by and between the Company, Holdings, the lenders party 
thereto and the administrative agent and other agents and arrangers named 
therein), (b) a Sale of the Company or Public Offering (each, as defined in 
the Securityholders Agreement) and (c) April 1, 2017.

4. Effect of Amendment. Except as expressly amended hereby, the Management 
Agreement shall remain unaltered and in full force and effect and the 
respective terms, conditions or covenants thereof are hereby in all 
respects confirmed.  Whenever the Management Agreement is referred to in 
any agreement, document or other instrument, such reference will be to the 
Management Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 

5. Miscellaneous. Section 9 of the Management Agreement is incorporated 
herein by reference, mutatis mutandis.

[The remainder of this page intentionally left blank.]

 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Amendment to be signed 
as of the date first written above.

 
VESTAR CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Steven Della Rocca
 
Name:
Steven Della Rocca
 
Title:
Managing Director and General Counsel
 
 
 
21st CENTURY ONCOLOGY, INC.
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ LeAnne M. Stewart
 
Name:
LeAnne M. Stewart
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
21st CENTURY ONCOLOGY HOLDINGS, INC.
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ LeAnne M. Stewart
 
Name:
LeAnne M. Stewart
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
21st CENTURY ONCOLOGY INVESTMENTS, LLC
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ James L. Elrod, Jr.
 
Name:
James L. Elrod, Jr.
 
Title:
President
 

[Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 and Waiver to A&R Management Agreement]
------------------------------------------------------------------------